We now turn to the hostile nation of North Korea.	﻿我們現在關注下敵對國北韓的情況
The rocket they are testing is believed to be big enough	他們正在測試的導彈被認為
to reach the West Coast of the United States.	可以直射美國的西海岸
Today, an official of the United Nations	今天 聯合國的一位官員
tried to tell the world... so there will be no mistake...	想告訴全世界 沒錯
that we are living in the midst of a modern-day Hitler.	我們正生活在現代希特勒的陰霾之下
A young, untested leader with nuclear ambition.	一位年輕的 還未經受考驗卻有著核武器雄心壯志的領袖
- Kim Jong-un. -Kim Jong-un.	- 金正恩 -金正恩
We are talking about Kim Jong-un.	我們所說的就是金正恩
Good evening.	晚上好
I'm Dave Skylark.	我是 戴夫•史開勒(Dave Skylark,”Skylark”意同「胡鬧」)
Tonight, we are joined by 13-time Grammy winner,	今晚 我們有幸邀請了13次格萊美獎
Oscar-winning songwriter,	以及奧斯卡作曲獎的獲得者
Detroit's own Eminem.	來自底特律的饒舌歌手阿姆
He'll speak with us about his new album,	他將會跟我們分享他的新專輯
which has been mired in controversy	該專輯備受爭議
concerning lyrics that some view as demeaning to the elderly.	主要由於歌詞中存在一些侮辱老年人的內容
Tonight...	今晚
on "Skylark Tonight."	鎖定"今晚史開勒"
And... action.	好 開拍
"It's hell to be Shady.	"當個壞人真是生不如死
Yesterday I yelled a degrading insult	昨天我對著一個老女人
At an elderly lady.	罵幾句髒話
Then I asked her how it felt to be 80.	接著我問她80歲的感覺怎樣
F' word a senior citizen.	去她媽的老人
Suck a wiener, sit and spin."	舔棒子 坐著吹"
"Suck a wiener, sit and spin."	"舔棒子 坐著吹"
It's funny.	真搞笑
"And why you drive so slow for?	"那你為何還開這麼慢
Don't you want to get where you're going faster	難道你不想快點到達你想去的地方
Since you'll probably die tomorrow, you old whore?	知不知道你可能明天就會掛掉 老婊子
Die, old bitch, die,	去死吧 老婊子 去死吧
before I murder you."	在我殺了妳前死吧"
What do you mean by this, Em?	這是什麼意思啊 阿姆
Well, first of all, I feel like, when I rap,	呃 首先 我覺得 我說rap的時候
like, people twist my words.	好像 大家會曲解我的歌詞
Okay, but can you see	好吧 但你可以想看看
how an old person might say, "I think	老年人聽到了可能會這麼說 "我覺得
What this guy is telling me... this Eminem... is that I should	這個叫阿姆的傢伙想告訴我 我應該自殺
go kill myself, and I... you know, I don't like that."	但 我不喜歡這樣"
I mean, I don't	我的意思是
necessarily rap about the things that I hate.	我唱的不一定是我討厭的內容
It's more about... the things that I fear.	我唱的更多是我害怕的事
- I get you. -You know, it's like,	- 我懂了 -你懂嗎 就像是
- if I say something about women or whatever... -Yes.	- 如果我說關於女人或有的沒的 -嗯
I think a lot of that is more or less me	我覺得大多數歌詞
just dealing with issues with...	多多少少是我在化解一些心結
you know, old issues with my mom or whatever.	你知道的 一些跟我媽媽或是其他什麼的問題
With your "Mutha."	跟你的母親大人
Yeah, or-or... you know,	嗯是 或 或者
when I say things about gay people	當我說起同性戀
or people think that my lyrics are homophobic,	或者人們認為我的歌詞是反同性戀
- Mm-hmm. -you know, it's because I'm gay.	- 嗯哼 -其實那是因為我是個同性戀
Um, when I rap about violence	呃 當我說唱與暴力有關的歌詞時
- Wait... -or, you know, sound like I'm promoting violence,	- 等下 -或者 聽起來像我在提倡暴力
I think that, uh... you know,	- 我認為 呃 你知道
- it's more or less because... -What? -What, what, what?	- 這或多或少是因為 -什麼 -什麼什麼
you know, it's kind of... it's kind of about me just,	你知道 這有點像是 我只是在
you know, confronting it.	你知道的 面對它
- What did he just say? -Wait, can we play that...?	- 他剛剛說了什麼 -等等 可以回放那段嗎
- He said he was gay. -Did he just...? Dave? Dave?	- 他說他是同性戀! -他剛剛是不是 戴夫 戴夫
- Did he just say he was gay? -We're pretty sure	- 他剛剛是不是說了他是同性戀 -我們非常確定
in the booth we just heard him say he was gay.	我們剛剛在這邊聽到他說他是同性戀
Em, let's just... back it up a moment.	呃 先回到前面一點
You... just said	你…剛是說
that you were gay?	你是同性戀嗎
Um... and I'm just curious	啊 我只是很好奇
what you meant by that exactly.	你那麼說想表達的真正意思是什麼
I mean I'm gay.	意思是我是同性戀
Uh, I'm just a little confused here, because "Gay"	呃 我有點不明白 因為"同性戀(gay)"
can mean a lot of things.	有很多種意思
I am a homosexual.	我是同性戀者
Meaning...?	意思是
I like men.	我喜歡男人
What the fuck just happened?	幹 剛剛他媽的發生什麼事
Eminem just said he was gay... four times.	艾米納姆剛剛說了他是同性戀  四次
That's what the fuck just happened.	這就是剛剛的他媽的事
- Holy shit. -Holy shit.	- 喔幹 –喔幹
Eminem's gay on our show.	阿姆在我們的節目裡說他是同性戀
- Eminem's gay on our show! -Oh, my God!	- 阿姆在我們的節目裡說他是同性戀 –喔 天啊
Camera two! Camera two!	二號攝影機 二號攝影機
Gay Twitter! Gay Twitter's blowing up.	同性戀的推特圈 同性戀的推特圈要爆了
- Holy shit. -Change the chyron.	- 屌爆了 -快換字幕
"Eminem Gay?!" Question mark, exclamation mark.	"阿姆是同性戀" 加上問號驚嘆號
Dave, keep him talking. Keep him talking.	戴夫 讓他繼續講 讓他繼續講
- Oh, my God. -Holy shit. Push in on gay Eminem!	- 天啊  -幹 阿姆的出櫃時刻
This is the greatest moment in gay history!	這真是同性戀史上最具歷史性的時刻
are probably shocked by what you're saying right now.	人們很可能已經被你剛剛所說的震驚了
I'm more shocked that people haven't figured it out yet.	我更震驚的是大家到現在都還沒發現
I mean, it's kind of like I've been playing gay peekaboo.	我的意思是 搞得好像我在玩同性戀躲貓貓一樣
Gay peekaboo.	同性戀躲貓貓
Yeah. But, um...	是啊 不過 啊
Shit. Camera one. Camera one.	靠 一號攝影機 一號攝影機
- This interview is over. Shut it off. -No!	- 這次訪談結束了 關掉 -不要
- Shut it off. -Get the fuck out of here, Darryl.	- 快關掉 - 達瑞爾你他媽給我滾
I am Marshall's publicist, and I'm telling you,	我是馬歇爾發言人 我說的算
- pull the fucking plug right now. -No. This is gold.	- 馬上把那該死的插頭拔掉 -不要 這新聞是寶藏
I am not cutting this interview off.	我才不會把訪談中斷
This is the best interview we've ever done.	這是我們有史以來做過最好的訪談
- What happens if I just do this? -No, get out.	- 那如果我這麼做會怎樣 -不要 滾出去
Shut it off! Shut it off!	關掉它 關掉它
Get him out of here! Get him the fuck out of here!	把他弄出這裡 快他媽的把他弄出去
I will murder you and everyone you love!	我會宰了你還有你愛的人
Thank you. Dave, look, I got the lyrics.	謝謝你 戴夫 聽著 我拿到歌詞了
Say what I say:	照著我說的問他
What did you mean when you rapped...	當你說唱這句歌詞的時候想表達什麼
"I said nice rectum, I had a..."	"我說真是朵漂亮的菊花 我做了
"...vasectomy, Hector.	結扎手術啊 赫克托
So you can't get pregnant	如果我的雙性戀毀了你
if I bisexually wreck ya."	你也不會懷孕了"
I've pretty much just been leaving a...	我很明確地留下了
bread-crumb trail of gayness.	「我是同性戀」的暗示
- I see that now. -You know.	- 我現在看到了 -你知道
But yeah, actually Hector...	的確 實際上赫克托
Hector was a... was a real person.	赫克托是一個 一個真實存在的人
Hector and his rectum were real?	赫克托和他的菊花是真的嗎
- Holy shit. -It's real! Hector rectum is real!	- 我操 -這是真的耶 赫克托和他的菊花是真的
- Yes! Yes! -Oh, I knew it! -Slim Shady, everyone!	- 太好了 -噢 我就知道 -各位
Dude! Dude!	兄弟 兄弟
Aaron, bring it in.	艾倫 超屌的
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God. -Bring it in, big boy!	- 噢 我的天 我的天啊 –老兄 屌爆了
Oh, my God...	噢 我的天啊
- Oh...! -Oh, my God!	- 噢 -我的天啊
What the heck just happened?	剛才他媽的發生什麼了
The real Slim Shady just stood up.	真實的阿姆出櫃了
- Oh! -That's what the fuck just happened.	- 哦 -那就是剛才發生的
This is like Spike Lee just said he's white.	這就像是史派克•李說他是白人
I can't believe what's happened.	我簡直不敢相信剛剛發生的事
- You da man! You da man! -You da man!	- 你太屌了 太屌了 -太屌了
You're the best.	你是最屌的
You're the best. You're the best.	你最屌了 你最屌了
- Unreal. -All right, listen, I'm gonna go get my makeup off.	- 不敢相信 -好吧 聽著 我先去卸妝
I want you to meet me downstairs.	一會樓下見
I got something to show you.	有東西要給你看
Dude, just... where are we going?	老兄 只是 我們要去哪兒啊
I thought we were going to the Hamptons for the weekend, man.	我還以為我們周末要去漢普頓斯度假呢
- No, no, no, no, no, no... -What is this place?	- 不不不不 -這是哪兒
We're just, you know... just hanging out.	我們只是 你懂的 只是一起出去玩
- Okay. -All right, all right, all right.	- 哦 -好吧好吧
It's a surprise party... for you.	有場為你準備的驚喜派對
What? Why? Why did you just tell me that?	什麼 為啥 你為啥要告訴我
Yes! I... 'Cause I'm so excited.	因為我太激動了
This is gonna be great. This is gonna be great.	這一定會很棒 這一定會很棒
I don't understand what's happening.	我不懂現在是什麼情況
Surprise!	驚喜
All right, all right. I already told him.	好吧 好吧 我已經告訴他了
I already told him. Come on, come on.	我已經告訴他了 快來 快來
You're best in the world, you fucking cocksucker.	你是全宇宙最棒的 你個混蛋
All right, not now, Malcolm. Not now, not now. Come on.	好吧 不是現在 馬爾科姆 不是現在 借過
- Come on. -Thank you. Why... why is this happening?	- 借過 -謝謝 現在什麼情況
You've been with us	你和我們在一起製作了
for 1,000 episodes.	1000集了啊
- Are you kidding me? -Ten years, baby!	- 你沒騙我吧 -10年啦 哥們兒
- Are you fucking... -Come on.	- 他媽是真.. -來吧
I really do. It's, uh... I appreciate it.	我真的是 嗯 我太感激你們了
- All right. -Okay.	- 好了 -好吧
All right, now,	好了 現在都聽我說
I know I like to keep it light, keep it fun.	我想把氣氛維持輕鬆 好玩
I'm gonna take it to a serious tip.	但是 我現在要認真講一段話
I'm gonna talk about Aaron.	我要說說艾倫
Before we started working together,	在和艾倫一起工作之前
my show barely broke the top 15.	我的節目收視率只有在前15邊緣
So I called up this professor that worked	所以為此 我找了一個跟我上過床的
at the Columbia School of Journalism that I...	哥倫比亞新聞學院的教授
I was having sex with, and I said,	然後我說
"I need someone smarter than anyone in entertainment.	"我需要一個娛樂圈裡最聰明的人
I need a real journalist."	一個真正的記著"
Aaron, you are the Samwise Gamgee	艾倫 我是佛羅多
to my Frodo Baggins.	你就是我的山姆
You are the Gandalf to my Bilbo Baggins.	我是比爾博 你就是我的甘道夫
But of all the Lord of the Rings references that I could make,	但是整個《魔戒》的故事中 我能想到的比喻
this is the most important:	以下才是最重要的:
I'm Gollum...	我是咕嚕
and you're my precious.	而你 就是我的珍寶
Smeagol needs Aaron.	史麥戈(咕魯本名)需要艾倫
"One Ring to rule them all,	"至尊魔戒統治世界
and in the darkness bind them."	將世界蒙蔽在黑暗中"
Now, get up here! Get up here!	現在 快上臺 到這來
- Come up here, buddy. I love you. -Okay. Okay. Okay.	- 到這來 兄弟 我愛死你了 -好了好了 我知道
- I fucking love you. -Oh...	- 我他媽愛死你了 -哦..
Hey.	嘿
Hey!	嘿
Hey.	嘿
Yeah. Like, what's that?	喂 看看那是誰啊
Come on, man. What's happening?	嘿 老弟 你怎麼會在這
- Hey, yeah. -Hey, yeah.	- 嘿 -嘿
- Wh-What's happening? -How's it going, dude?	- 你 你怎麼也在這 -最近怎麼樣 兄弟
We haven't seen each other since graduation, right?	我們自打畢業後就再沒見過 對吧
- Yeah. Probably. -Wow. And, uh...	- 是吧 好像是 -喔 那個
Wait. Am I wrong? Are you, like, a...	等一下 我沒搞錯吧 你是 那個
you're a junior producer on "60 Minutes," Right?	"60分鐘時事新聞"的初級製片人 對吧
I'm now a senior producer.	我現在是高級製片人
- No way, man. -Yeah. Yeah.	- 不會吧 -千真萬確
- That's awesome. -Thank you.	- 你太厲害了 -謝謝
Look at us... both producing news for television.	看看我們 都在做電視新聞節目
Yeah.	算是吧
- What was that? -Nothing.	- 怎麼了 -沒事啦
It was clearly something. What's the joke?	看起來就有點事 怎麼了
No, I mean, like, you've got your job,	沒 我只是想說 你有你的工作
I got mine, but they're different, you know?	我有我的 但是工作類型不太一樣 你明白麼
Yours is cool; mine's just	你的很酷 但 我的
a little bit more serious, you know?	更嚴肅一點 你懂麼
What are you saying? We have the same job.	你到底在說什麼 我們的工作是一樣的
I report real news... you know, stuff that matters...	我報道貨真價實的新聞 你要知道 那些關乎民生的新聞
and then you report on all the cool	而你則是報道那些八卦消息
"Who's getting new boobs" And, like,	比如"誰又隆乳了"
the fun eating disorder stuff.	還有可笑的厭食症等雜七雜八的事情
You really helped build up "60 Minutes," Too, right?	你也真的是在做"60分鐘時事新聞" 對吧
They'd be nothing without you.	如果沒有你 他們一無是處
It's only been on for 80 fucking years.	這節目才僅僅播出他媽80年
Look, I... I'm sorry.	哦 對 對不起
I'm sorry... look... I shouldn't say this,	對不起 我想 我不該那麼說
but we got an opening over at "60 Minutes,"	但我們的新聞節目正在徵人
and we could use somebody like you.	也許我們會用得著像你這樣的人才
Are you serious?	真的麼
I'm fucking with you, man. Come on! You?	我在耍你啦 得了吧 你要來?
At where I work? You'd be eaten alive at our office.	在我那工作 你在我們那會生吞活剝的
Okay, I'm gonna catch up with these guys,	好了 我要回去了
but cheers, man.	但無論如何 乾杯
Congrats... or whatever.	不管怎麼樣 恭喜了
When did the hair begin to go?	頭髮什麼時候開始掉的
I would say... -	我想
around "The Outsiders."	大概是在拍"小教父"那個時候
When you're ready.	當你準備好了 就
I don't think I'll ever be ready, but...	我不認為我曾準備好了 但是今天
- Oh, wig's coming off. -Oh.	- 哦 要摘掉假髮了 -哦
Whoa.	哇
Oh, Jesus fuck.	哦 天啊幹
Why does he keep the long pieces?	為什麼他還留著那麼幾撮毛
His head looks like somebody's taint.	他的腦袋就像是得了性病
- You barely look different. -Thanks, man.	- 你幾乎沒變 -謝謝
You... you said you were bald.	你 你說過你全禿了
I... I see a little stuff on top.	但 但我還看到有幾根在你頭頂上呢
- It's so freeing! -Rob...	- 這太舒服了 -羅伯
is there anything that you would like to say to America?	你有什麼想對美國人民說的麼
Good evening.	晚上好
I'm Phillip Sterling	我是菲利普•斯特林
with a UBS News Special Report.	給大家帶來UBS新聞特別報道
Whoa, whoa, whoa.	喔 喔 喔
Kim Jong-un's military forces	北韓軍隊
targeted an uninhabited South Pacific island	向位於南太平洋的一個無人小島
with a 15-megaton thermonuclear ICBM.	發射了一枚15兆噸的熱核武器洲際導彈
Yo, Dave, we're not live anymore.	戴夫 我們不能直播了
- They just cut our feed. -We're off the air?	- 他們把我們中斷了 -我們斷線了麼
Goddamn it! Rob, would you just put your fucking wig on?	真該死 羅伯 你能把你那該死的假髮戴上嗎
They fucked us! Goddamn it!	他們搞死我們 幹你媽的
Somebody tell me what's going on?	有誰能告訴我到底發生了什麼
Dude... seriously, what is up with you?	老兄 說真的 你到底怎麼了
You know how I'm good at picking up energies?	你知道我渾身充滿了正能量的
Well, you're shooting off a slightly cunty vibe right now.	好了 你快點把你這張的屎臉臉收回去
What's going on?	到底怎麼了
We have millions of viewers every night	我們有上百萬的觀眾
watching our show, and what do we do?	每天晚上看我們的節目 而我們卻做了什麼
We just shovel shit into their faces, man.	我們簡直是挖屎給他們吃
We could be doing something positive.	我們可以做一些正面的 有意義的內容
We could be having on authors, activists, politicians.	我們可以請一些作家 社會活動家 政客
That's what people want. "Give us some shit.	那才是人們想看的 "餵我們吃屎"
Mangia. We're the people. Give us the shit.	"吃屎"是大家想要的 "餵我們吃屎"
Mangia, mangia, mangia."	吃啊 吃啊 吃啊
Dude, I wanted to cover actual news, not Nicki Minaj's vagina	老兄 我想報道真正的新聞而不是妮琪•米娜的陰道
fuckin' flopping out at the Grammys.	在格萊美上走光了
You don't like that brown sugar?	你不喜歡那首叫 "紅糖" 的歌嗎
Nothing to do with brown sugar.	這跟歌沒關係
I just can't keep doing this, okay?	我只是不能再這麼做下去了 懂嗎
We have to change.	我們必須改變
- Fine. -Are you serious right now?	- 好吧 -你是認真的吧
- Yeah. -Do you promise you'll do this?	- 當然 -你答應要按照我的做了嗎
I promise if you promise you'll never leave.	我答應你 除非你向我承諾你永遠不會離開我
If you promise, then I'll promise.	你先答應了 我再答應
- Well, then, same time. -One, two, three.	- 那好 一起來 -1 2 3
- Promise. -Promise.	- 我答應你 -我答應你
- Okay. -Okay.	- 就是這樣 -就是這樣
That's all we had to say.	那才是我們應該說的
- Fine. -Don't put me through that.	- 好吧 -別讓我難過
- Okay. -I hate it when we fight.	- 好的 -我討厭我們吵架
No, this is not a joke, okay?	不 這絕不是開玩笑 懂麼
Well, I think you're being kind of condescending.	我覺得你有點太傲慢了
- Look! Look, look, look... -What? Yeah... one second.	- 看 看 看 看 -什麼 好 稍等
Shut up. I'm on the phone.	閉嘴 我在打電話
- Okay? Uh...	- 那好
Dude, what the fuck, man? That was John Kerry's office.	喂 搞屁啊 那是約翰•克裡辦公室打過來的
Forget that oak-tree-looking fuck.	別再管那個長得跟橡樹一樣的混蛋了
This tops it. "The Times" Printed it	這個才是重點 "時代周刊"刊登的
about... about North Korea. Read the bottom.	關於 關於北韓 看最下面
After all the... the death camp shit.	從死亡集中營那玩意的後面開始
"Although Kim Jong-un rallies his people	"盡管金正恩召集他的民眾
With cries for the destruction	叫囂著要對美國
"Of the United States of America, he is known	實施襲擊 但是他卻是
To be an avid consumer of American entertainment.	美國娛樂產品的忠實消費者
His favorite shows are 'The Big Bang Theory...'"	他最喜歡的電視節目是 生活大爆炸"
And...?	還有
"...and 'Skylark Tonight.'"	"還有 今晚史開勒"
Oh! Boom!	噢 那對了!
This is great!	這太棒了
This is what you were talking about.	這就是你之前說的
I interview this guy.	我採訪這個傢伙
Are you joking me, man? He's the most	你別他媽的開玩笑了 他可是
reclusive leader on the planet.	這個星球上最不喜歡打交道的領袖了
It's not gonna happen.	這根本就不可能
He lives in North Korea. We can't go there.	他住在北韓 我們去不了那
Dave Skylark... gets in anywhere.	戴夫 史開勒想去哪就去哪
You remember that club?	你還記得那個俱樂部麼
Three-month waiting list.	要排隊三個月
First night.	而我第一天晚上就進去了
I don't think it's quite the same thing.	我想這完全不可相提並論
Well, there were a lot of Asian girls there.	對了 還有很多亞洲女孩在那
It's impossible, Dave.	你想都別想 戴夫
Here's what we're gonna do.	這就是我們要做的
We're gonna do that interview,	我們要去做那個採訪
everyone is gonna take you super-duper seriously,	每個人都會非常非常地把你當回事
and then you're never gonna leave me.	而且之後你永遠都不能離開我
North Korea's in the Olympics, right?	北韓參加了奧林匹克 對麼
I bet they have an office that is	我想他們一定有一個辦公室
set up to communicate with the Olympic Committee,	用來與奧委會協商
so there's probably	所以 在北韓可能
some infrastructure for communicating with	存在一些機關是負責
the outside world through that.	與外面的世界交流的
Good idea. Those wheels are turning.	好主意 我躍躍欲試了喲
- If I leave a message for that office... -Yeah.	- 如果我給那個辦公室留一個訊息 -對
- then maybe, if they're a fan of the show, -Mm-hmm.	- 然後 也許 如果正巧他們也是我們節目的粉絲 -嗯 哼
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. -that can actually work.	- 嗯 嗯 -那就真行得通了
- We could interview the most famous man on the planet. -Yeah.	- 我們就可以採訪這個星球上最著名的人了 -對
- That would be the biggest interview ever. -Yeah...	- 那將成為史無前例的採訪了 -對
Guys, guys, guys, guys! I don't know if you've	大伙們 我不知道你們聽說了沒
heard this, but some pictures just came out	但是剛剛有照片流出來了
where it looks like McConaughey's fucking a goat.	馬修•麥康納正在上一隻山羊
- Whoa. "McConaughey Goat Fuck"? -Ew...	- 哇 "麥康納幹山羊" -呃
McConaughey Goat Fuck.	麥康納幹山羊
Uh...	嗯
Okay, we obviously have to have him on to do that,	好吧 顯然我們應該讓他上節目了
so... we should put that together.	所以 我們雙管齊下
But we're doing this North Korea thing, okay?	我們還是要採訪金正恩的 對吧
- First thing tomorrow. Okay. -Book him, though. Book him.	- 明天第一件事就是籌備金正恩的採訪 -約他 快去約他
- Get him, get him, get him! Get the goat! -I'm on him.	- 約到他 一定要約到他 還有那隻山羊 -包在我身上了
Get the goat!	把山羊帶過來!
I got some questions for that goat.	我有一些問題想問那只山羊
Hello. This is Aaron Rapoport from "Skylark Tonight."	你好 我是來自"今晚史開勒"的艾倫•雷特波
We heard your Supreme Leader is a big fan	我聽說你們的最高領袖是我們節目的死忠粉絲
of our show, and we'd love to have him on.	所以我們想邀請他上節目
Uh, please get back to me and let me know.	嗯 如果可以請回復我
I'm about to head to an important meeting,	我要去參加一個重要的會議
but, uh, I'll be around in the morning.	但是 嗯 我在早晨會有時間
Hope to hear from you.	希望能收到你們的回復
Ooh! Yeah.	哦 爽
- Hi. -Hey.	- 嗨 -哈羅
Uh, Mercer and Spring, please.	嗯 去美世酒店
Whoo!	喔
Hello?	你好
Hello. Who dis?	你好 請問你是哪位
I am trying to reach Aaron Rapoport.	我找艾倫 雷特波
You got Aaron Rapoport.	我就是艾倫雷特波
- Who dis is? -You left word	- 你是誰啊 -關於採訪的事 您給
with our office regarding an interview.	我們辦公室留了言
Look, Dave, is this you?	嘿 戴夫 是你嗎
'Cause if it is,	如果真是你
you're doing a terrible Asian accent.	你的亞洲口音還真是爛耶
Me so "Solly."	索裡啦
Me gots to go now, son.	我得閃啦 乖兒子
I am from the office of Sook-yin Park,	這裡是朝鮮民主主義人民共和國
Secretary of Communications	外務省
with the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea.	樸素英辦公室
Oh, my God. Uh...	哦 天啊 呃
Shit. Uh, me so solly.	幹 呃 我搜搜里
I mean, I'm so solly. I mean, I-I'm so sor...	我是說 我非常搜里 不對 非常
I'm-I'm... I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.	我 我 非常抱歉 十分抱歉
We would like to discuss the possibility of a meeting	我們想與您商討關於最高領導人和
between the Supreme Leader and Dave Skylark.	戴夫史開勒的採訪
Security concerns dictate	出於安全考慮
that the matter be discussed in person.	我們必須面談
Uh, okay, great. Where... where do you do that?	噢 好的 哪裡見面
We will meet at latitude 40.1326,	緯度40.1326
longitude 123.9889.	經度123.9889
Just 'cause I'm not, like, totally familiar	我對於經度和緯度
with my longitudes and latitudes,	完全沒有概念..
where is that again?	再說一遍在哪
50 kilometers west of Dandong, northeastern China.	中國東北省丹東市西50公里
Did you just say "China"?	你剛剛說"中國"
And did you just say "Dong"?	又說了什麼"東"
Going to motherfucking China, y'all.	居然要去他媽的中國 搞屁
Excuse me, can I get in there?	抱歉 我能坐裡面嗎
Thank you.	多謝
Hi, there.	嗨 你好
No, thank you.	不了 謝謝
I'll just get it through secondhand smoke.	我吸二手煙就夠了
Selfie!	茄子
Well, where the fuck are they?	三小 他們在哪
What the fuck?	搞什麼鬼
No, no!	不是吧
No! No!	別開槍 別開槍
I'm an American journalist!	我是美國記者
Aaron Rapoport!	艾倫雷特波
I was invited here!	我是被請來的
I come in peace!	和平使者
I'm here for interview!	我是來採訪的
Please don't kill me!	別殺我
Mr. Rapoport, I am Sook-yin Park.	雷特波先生 我是樸素英
The Supreme Leader will grant a one-hour interview	最高領導人恩賜史開勒先生
to Mr. Skylark from inside North Korea.	在北韓境內一個小時的採訪時間
All questions will be supplied by the Supreme Leader himself.	所有問題由最高領導人自己提出
Terms are nonnegotiable. You have 24 hours to decide.	不能談條件 給你24個小時考慮
- That's it? -Yes.	- 就這樣 -是
Why didn't you guys tell me this over the phone?	電話裡怎麼不說
Or Skype? Do you guys have Skype?	Skype也行啊 你們有Skype嗎
Do you have Skype here? Okay.	你們到底有沒有Skype啊 好吧
Well, look, can you give me some water?	能不能給我點兒水喝?
That guy has water!	那人身上有水啊!
Please give me a ride somewhere!	拜託讓我搭個便車啊
I didn't pack well for this trip!	我行李帶的不夠
I packed like a fool!	我現在就像個智障一樣
Like a goddamn fool!	像個他媽的智障
Please! Please!	拜託拜託
Whoa.	哇
Damn, she was sexy.	幹 她超性感的
The fucking helicopter landed.	我在一個鳥不拉屎的地方
I'm in the middle of nowhere.	一架直升機從天而降
Two soldiers jump out.	兩個士兵跳了出來
I think I'm gonna get killed.	我以為我要被殺了
Then, out comes Sook.	但這時 素英出現了
I told you about her.	我之前跟你提過她
She comes out of the helicopter.	她從直升機裡出來的
- She's hot, super sexy. -How hot?	- 辣妹 超性感 –多性感?
- Did you get in there? -Yeah, I fucked her in the helicopter.	- 你進去了麼 -當然了 我在直昇機裡幹翻她
My fucking man!	幹得太好了老兄
No, I didn't do that, dude. No!	沒 我沒做 老兄 沒有
- Okay. -She said we couldn't ask any of our own questions.	- 好吧 -她說我們不能自己提問題
They were gonna write all the questions.	所有問題由他們自己想
We can't do it.	這事我們不能做啊
We're essentially letting him	等於是借你的嘴讓他自己
interview himself with your mouth.	採訪他自己
Look!	看
Look at this buttfuck!	看看這個王八蛋
He's got a whole parade of nukes.	他在搞核武遊行
He's ready to use them.	他還準備發射核導彈
When you score a bin Laden	採訪賓拉登
or a Hitler or an Un,	希特勒 或者金正恩
you take it by the balls!	可是屌翻天的事
It's the first rule of journalism.	這是新聞界的第一定律
You give the people what they want.	觀眾要什麼 你就給什麼
That's not the first rule of journalism.	這不是新聞界的第一定律
I think that's the first rule of,	像是什麼 馬戲團
like, circuses and demolition derbies.	撞車大賽的第一定律
This is the biggest interview since Frosty Nixon.	這可是自福克斯採訪尼克森總統(改編成《請問總統先生》)以來最偉大的採訪啊
- 《請問總統先生》? -I mean, in ten years,	- 淡定哥尼克松 -我是說十年內
Ron Howard's gonna make a movie out of this.	朗•霍華(《請問總統先生》導演) 會以此為背景拍部電影呢
We do this, we can interview	我們完成這個採訪
any president on the planet.	我們就可以採訪全世界任何一個總統
And then you can ask them the real questions.	然後就可以提你真正想問的問題
This is like eating our vegetables.	打個比方 這就像吃蔬菜
Once you eat those,	吃完了蔬菜
then you get to eat the steak.	你就能吃牛排啦
And we know Aaron wants his steak.	我們知道艾倫一定想吃牛排
This is like...	這就像
"The Lord of the Rings."	《魔戒》
Okay?	怎麼樣?
I'm actually like Frodo Baggins.	我就是佛羅多 巴金斯
And you are my Sam.	而你 就是我的山姆
My Samwise.	我的山姆衛斯
I can't do it without you.	我不能沒有你啊
- Okay. -Come with me.	- 好 –跟我走
To Mordor.	一起去魔多
Okay, let's fucking do it.	好 他媽來吧
- Yeah? -Yeah.	- 真的 -真的
As always, I'd like to thank my guest,	一如既往 要感謝我的嘉賓
Joe Gordon-Levitt.	喬瑟夫 高登李維
And before we go,	節目結束之前
I have a very special announcement.	我有一個爆炸性新聞要宣布
With the help of my outstanding producer,	在我們屌炸天的製片人艾倫雷特波的支持之下
Aaron Rapoport, I've secured the most important interview	我搞定了21世紀
of the 21st century.	最偉大的採訪節目
Three weeks from tonight,	三周後
I will be traveling to Pyongyang, North Korea,	我將飛往北韓平壤
to conduct the first globally broadcast interview	為大家獻上金正恩的
with President Kim Jong-un.	首次全球直播訪問
I am deeply humbled and profoundly honored	能夠承擔如此偉大的責任
to accept this most awesome responsibility.	我感到無比驕傲與自豪
Apparently, Dave Skylark will be interviewing	顯然 戴夫史開勒將要
the dictator of North Korea.	採訪北韓的大獨裁者
100 bucks Skylark thinks	我出100美金賭 史開勒認為
he's the guy from "Gangnam Style."	自己是在唱"江南Style"
Obscene glorification of a brutal dictator.	這是在赤裸裸地贊頌一個殘忍的獨裁者
This is a man who tortures,	他折磨他的子民
terrorizes and starves his own people.	讓他們陷入恐慌 飽嘗饑餓的痛苦
- Skylark is beneath despicable. -Fuck this.	- 史開勒簡直太無恥了 –胡扯
Meeee-ow.	喵
What a fucking bitch, am I right?	真是賤人 對嗎?
No, you're not right.	不 不是
He's not being a bitch. He's completely right.	他不是賤人 他說的太對了
He's motherfucking peanut butter and jealous.	他是羨慕嫉妒恨
- He's not jealous. -He's putting	- 他不是嫉妒 -他給他的蛋蛋上
KY jealous all over his dick.	塗滿了嫉妒的潤滑液
What is there to be jealous of?	他有什麼可嫉妒的
Fuckers hate us 'cause they ain't us.	他們恨我們 就因為他們不是我們啊
They hates us 'cause we "Anus"?	他們恨我們因為我們"肛門"? （"不是我們"與"肛門"同音）
What the fuck does an anus have to do with this?	這他媽的跟肛門有什麼關係?
They hate us 'cause they ain't us.	他們恨我們 因為他們「不是我們」
That's not what it is.	不是這個原因
- Yes, it is. -No, it's not.	- 是的 -不 不是
They hate us 'cause we is us,	他們恨我們 因為我們就是我們
and what we is doing is fucking terrible.	而且我們幹的事 太他媽糟糕了
They fucking hate us 'cause they ain't us.	他們恨我們 就是他媽的因為他們不是我們
- Stop saying that. They don't -Hate us 'cause they ain't us.	- 別說了 他們沒有 -恨我們 因為他們不是我們
- hate us 'cause they ain't us! -Hate us 'cause they ain't us!	- 恨我們 因為他們不是我們 -恨我們 因為他們不是我們
- They don't hate us 'cause they ain't us. -I'm used to it.	- 他們不恨我們 因為他們不是我們 -我都習慣了
- Hate us 'cause they ain't us. -Stop it. Stop it.	- 恨我們 因為他們不是我們 -停 停
- Don't say it again. -Shh.	- 別再說了 -噓
Baby.	親愛的
Haters gonna hate.	看不爽的人看什麼都不爽
And ain't-ers gonna ain't.	不懂的人永遠都不會懂
That is not an actual thing people say.	大家可不是這麼說的
This is what you do to haters.	你就是要做給不爽的人看
You just smile.	來 笑一個
What is that?	什麼東西
The strongest ecstasy I've ever done in my life.	我所所吃過的最強效搖的頭丸
Oh...	哦
Oh, what the fuck?	哦 我操
Okay.	來了
Okay, I'm coming.	來了 來了
Oh, shit.	哦 該死的
Oh... oh, God.	哦 哦 神吶
Mr. Rapoport.	雷特波先生
I'm Agent Lacey	我是中情局的
with Central Intelligence,	蕾絲探員
and this is my partner, Agent Botwin.	這位是我的搭檔 博特溫探員
Aaron, whoever that is,	艾倫 別管是誰
tell them to fuck off.	讓他滾
Dave, it's, uh,	戴夫 是 呃
- it's not... -Yo, I don't know who I fucked last night,	- 不是-我不知道昨晚上了哪個妞
but I got some stink dick.	我的屌超臭的
Yo, my dick stinks!	我的屌超臭啊!
So weird how you, like,	太詭異了
just want to keep smelling it, though.	但還是忍不住要聞
Yo, you got to come over and smell this shit.	趕緊過來 一起聞聞
Yo, come smell this.	快來聞聞
You got to identify this.	看看是什麼
I don't know what it is.	我不知道是什麼
Excuse him.	不好意思
He has stink dick.	他的屌很臭
It kind of smells like guacamole.	聞著像鱷梨醬
May we come in?	我們可以進去嗎
Would you, um,	你想 呃
like a drink or some of Aaron's cocaine?	喝點什麼 或者是嗑點艾倫的古柯鹼
This is not our cocaine. This is...	這古柯鹼不是我們的 是
No, I'm sure it's not.	嗯 我知道一定不是
So, uh, how can we, uh, what can we do you for?	好吧 那麼 我們能做點什麼
- Yeah, to what do we owe the pleasure? -AARON: Yeah.	- 是啊 什麼風把你們吹來了 -是啊
Well, Aaron, Dave,	艾倫 戴夫
as I'm sure	據我所知
you know already,	你們一定知道
Kim Jong-un is now capable	金正恩現在能用
of nuking all of the West Coast.	核武器覆蓋整個美國西海岸
The point is we're talking about nuclear nations	關鍵是我們在談論處於戰爭狀態的
at war with each other.	核武器國家
Nuclear.	核武器
He does have one	他確實有一個
tactical advantage over the West.	對付西方的戰術優勢
He's more than willing to let millions and millions	他很樂意讓數百萬
of his own people die.	自己人去送死
Ba-bam. Explosions. All over my face.	蹦的一聲 炸了我滿臉
I'm sorry, we had kind of a long night last night.	抱歉 昨晚我們度過了有點漫長的夜晚
Why are you telling us	你為什麼要告訴我們
- all this information? -Well,	- 這些資訊呢 -嗯
well, we're telling you this because you two lucky gentlemen	嗯 我們告訴你們這些是因為你們兩位幸運的紳士
are going to be in a room alone with him,	要和他單獨在一個房間裡
and congratulations, by the way.	哦 對了 順便祝賀你們
That's right!	這就對了
Which is part of the reason why we're here.	這是我們來這裡的一部分原因
The CIA would love it	中情局會很高興
if you two could...	如果你們兩位能夠
take him out.	把他帶出來(音同「幹掉他」)
Hmm?	什麼
- Take him out. -Take him out?	- 帶他出來 -帶他出來
- Like, for drinks? -No, no, no.	- 比如 喝杯小酒嗎 -不不不
- Take him out. -Take out.	- 帶他出來 -帶出來
- Like, to dinner? -Take him out to a meal?	- 吃個飯嗎 -帶他出來吃飯嗎
Take him out.	帶他出來
- Like, on the town? -Party?	- 來城裡尋個歡嗎 -聚會
No, uh...	不 額
take him out.	帶他出來
You want us to assassinate the leader of North Korea?	你要我們去暗殺北韓的領導人
- Yes. -What...?!	- 是的 -什麼
If we kill him, won't they just get	如果我們殺了他 他們就不會
another chubby dude with a goofy hairdo	找另一個有著智障髮型的肥仔
to come in and replace him?	來代替他嗎
- Exactly, exactly. -And then the same thing happens?	- 沒錯 沒錯 -然後又重蹈覆轍
Uh, actually, we're aware of a small faction	嗯 實際上 我們得知他們現任領導階層的小的派系
in the existing leadership that already wants him gone.	一直很希望他能消失
They want change; they're too scared to act alone,	他們想要改變 但他們不敢單獨行動
and they need you two to go in there...	並且他們需要你們兩個去那裡
Hmm...	嗯
remove Kim, embolden them to revolt	幹掉金正恩 鼓勵他們起義反抗
and take over.	和接管政權
Are you, Agent Lacey, going to be involved?	蕾絲特工 你會參與嗎
I am going to be in your ear,	我會作為你的耳目
by your side, every step of the way.	在漫漫長路上陪伴著你
Then I have one answer.	那麼我的答案是
No more Kim.	金正恩消失
Uh, you know what?	額 你知道嗎
Actually, I think we should talk about it more.	事實上 我認為我們應該好好談一談
- Okay, all right. -Okay, let's just...	- 好的 好吧 -好的 那我們就
- We're just gonna talk. -We're just gonna talk.	- 我們只是談談 -我們只是談談
By all means.	當然可以
Just for the record,	鄭重聲明下
I don't have stink dick.	我的屌不臭
Come over here, come here, come in here...	過來 過來 到這兒來
I think we need to do this.	我認為我們應該做這件事
She is so cool.	她真是太酷炫了
You don't see what's happening, and it's so obvious.	你不懂到底發生了什麼 但這很明顯
- It's crazy, man. -What?	- 太瘋狂了 伙計 -什麼
They're honeypotting us.	他們在用美人計色惑我們
- What? -It's an attractive	- 什麼 -一個性感到爆的
spy woman who lures men	女特工引誘男人們去
into doing shit they're not supposed to do.	做不該他們去做的狗屁任務
How can you not see that?	你怎麼就不懂呢
- Because that is so sexist. -Is it?	- 因為這是性別歧視 -是嗎
This is 2014.Dude...	現在都2014年了 老兄 都什麼年代了
Women are smart now.	女人現在都很聰明了
Do you actually think she just so happens	你真的認為她碰巧擁有
to have everything you find attractive?	吸引你的一切因素嗎
Bangs, giant tits, glasses?	瀏海 巨乳 眼鏡嗎
They're fake, man.	他們都是騙子 老兄
Fake glasses?	假的眼鏡
How could the CIA come up with such a thing?	中情局怎麼會想出這樣的事情
Well, that poor girl is blind as a bat.	那可憐女孩比蝙蝠還看不清楚
Okay, I'm just saying that when we're on Molly	好吧 我說當我們在吸毒時
and when we're horned up might not be...	和當我們勃起的時候可能不太能...
- Horned up? -You are horned up.	- 勃起 -你勃起了
Oh, please!	哦 我靠
You got half a fucking chub right now!	你的懶趴都硬了一半了
- Take your hands away. -Hmm-mm.	- 手拿開 -不要
- I saw the boner. -I'm not taking my hands away.	- 我都看見你勃起了 -我就不把我手拿開 你咬我啊
Move your fucking hands.	把你那該死的雙手拿開
Fine, you want to see it?	好吧 你想看
- Yeah. -Feast your eyes.	- 嗯 –看個夠吧
Okay, here's what's gonna happen.	好的 這就是我們要做的
I'm gonna poop out these drugs.	我去把這些毒品吸完
You're gonna go jerk off these thoughts.	你去清清槍把那些想法清掉
If we both still want to talk	如果之後我們還要
about this afterwards, then we can, but not until then.	討論這個就討論 但不是現在
Dave Skylark never backs down from a jerk-off.	戴夫史開勒絕對該打手槍就打不會退縮
In three days,	三天後
you will fly from New York to Beijing,	你們將會從紐約飛往北京
where you will transfer to a commercial airline	從北京轉商業航班
that takes you directly to Pyongyang.	直飛平壤
I'm sorry, this is completely unrelated,	抱歉 打個岔啊
but, um, what happened to your glasses?	額 你的眼鏡怎麼了
Oh, I... I got LASIK.	哦 我 我做了雷射矯正
Between the time I saw you and now?	從我們上次見面到現在的這段時間之間去做的?
- Yes. -Okay.	- 是的 -好的
Now, our intelligence suggests that you will be taken here,	現在 我們的情報顯示你們將被帶到這裡
to Kim Jong-un's personal compound.	從這裡進入金正恩的秘密軍事管轄區
So, preceding the interview,	所以 採訪前
you are going to shake Kim's hand,	你要和金正恩握手
administering a fatal dose of poison	用這個給他一個致命劑量的毒藥
with this, a transdermal time-delayed	一種透過皮膚後延時發作的
ricin strip.	蓖麻毒素
When you shake his hand,	當你和他握手時
the poison will be absorbed into his skin,	毒藥將會滲入他的皮膚
where it metabolizes for a 12-hour period.	在12小時內代謝
Nobody will have any idea you two were involved.	沒有人會知道是你倆弄的
No one will know?	沒人會知道
The United States must maintain total and complete deniability.	美國一定會徹底地否認
- Total deniability? -Obviously.	- 完全否認 -當然
- This isn't what I pictured. -What did you picture?	- 這和我想像的不一樣 -你怎麼想像的
I walk in there like a fucking gangster	我會像一個他媽的的幫派分子一樣走進去
and blow his little fucking ass away	當著電視直播的面
on television.	轟掉他的小屁股
This is a major television event.	這是一個爆炸性的電視新聞
You don't want to blow it with off-screen death.	你不會想在電視直播畫面外幹掉他
Okay?	好嗎
Look, in porno, we call this the money shot.	在A片裡有個東西叫做money shot(射精鏡頭，有拍到射精畫面才有錢領所以叫money shot)
You don't have a bunch of dudes going at it,	現在的情況就像
and then right before they finish, you cut to black	你在一群男優在射了之前 就切換到黑幕
and say, "Oh, don't worry,	然後說 哦 不用擔心
12 hours later, they came all over each other."	12小時後 他們會把對方射得滿身都是
No! We want	不 我們想要
the all-over close-up.	全身都是洨的特寫鏡頭
All over his face.	整個臉都是洨
The end!	結束
Ah...	啊~啊~
Bam!	蹦
What kind of porn are you watching?	你是看了哪種A片啊
What happens when all of his guards	你在所有警衛面前
start firing back at you for killing their leader	殺死他們的領袖
right in front of them?	他們一起向你們開槍 你們怎麼辦
- That's a good question. -My bulletproof vest...	- 問得好 -我會穿防彈背心
No, you don't have a bulletproof vest.	不 你沒有防彈背心
- You don't have one of those. -I will dodge those bullets.	- 你沒有其中的任何一件東西 -我將避開那些子彈
What happens after you escape the compound, Dave?	當你逃出軍事管轄區會發生什麼 戴夫
I look back over my shoulder.	我回頭一看
I see Aaron. I grab him by the hand.	我看見艾倫 我抓住他的手
We run out into the woods.	我們跑進那片森林
Perhaps there's a secret tunnel there.	也許那裡有一個秘密隧道
We exit said tunnel.	我們從隧道出來
At a designated spot, SEAL Team Six	到一個指定的地點 海豹突擊六隊
swoops in, puts us on one	衝出來 帶我們上一個汽艇
of those inflatable motorboats, we hit the water,	我們破水而去
we're out of there, on our way to you.	我們離開那裡 回到你這邊
If you did try to do this, what would kill you first?	如果你打算這樣做 什麼會先殺了你
Sub-freezing temperatures.	低於冰點以下的溫度
I don't like the cold.	我不喜歡那麼冷
- Okay, we... -Starvation, starve to death.	- 好吧 我們 -餓死 活活餓死
You telling me the CIA doesn't have	你是說美國中央情報局沒有
North Face jackets and some Pirate Booty?	North Face牌外套和一些Pirate Booty(餅乾品牌)嗎?
Cap'n Crunch?	嘎吱船長(玉米片品牌)
What about Siberian tigers?	還有野生的東北虎
- Did you think about that? -What?	- 你想好怎麼對付這個問題了嗎 -什麼
You're not going to shoot him.	你不能射殺他
There's not going to be a bulletproof vest,	沒有防彈背心
and nobody is going to know	沒人會知道你與此
that you had anything to do with this.	有任何關係
That's it, that's the plan.	就這些了 這就是計劃
- Period. -Okay.	- 對話結束 -好的
Two years later,	兩年後
I come out with my bestselling tell-all.	我寫一本暢銷書出來 全盤托出所有事情
"An Unexpected Journey:	《意外旅程 (學哈比人)
Dave Skylark's Adventures in North Korea."	戴夫史開勒的北韓歷險記》
You can't write a tell-all.	你不能寫一本全盤托出的書
"We were an oddly-shaped gray room	我們在中情局總部
"At the CIA headquarters.	一個奇形怪狀的灰色房間裡
The titillating Agent Lacey..."	這令人興奮的蕾絲特工
Stop doing that.	別那樣做
- Why? -There's no tell-all.	- 為什麼 -沒有什麼全盤托出
"'There's no tell-all, ' Agent Lacey said.	沒有什麼全盤托出 蕾絲特工說
"She looked at him.	她看著他
She trembled with rage, or was it passion?"	她是憤怒得發抖 還是熱情
- Stop it. -I just want everybody to know	- 別鬧了 -我只是想讓所有人知道
that I know what you did to me	我知道你用眼鏡
- With the glasses? -What?	- 對我做了什麼 -什麼
- Honeycombed me. -What does that even mean?	- 色誘我 -你到底說什麼啊
You honeypotted him. It's honeypot.	妳色誘了他 美人計
- You honeypotted me. -You honeypotted him.	- 妳色誘我了 –妳色誘了他
- No, I didn't. -He's said a lot of stupid shit	- 不 我沒有 -他最後十分鐘
in the last ten minutes, but for reals,	說了一堆屁話 但事實上
you did honeypot him.	妳確實色誘他了
I bet you got him in here as a honey dick	我敢打賭 你怕我是個同性戀
just in case I'm gay, but I'm not,	為了保險起見 帶他在這色誘我 但我不是
but if I was, I would've seen him coming a mile away.	但如果我是 我老遠一英並就會看見他
- You honey dicking? -Look, she's not honeypotting you,	- 色誘你 -你聽著 她並沒有色誘你
- and I'm not honey dicking him. -It's very offensive,	- 而且我也沒有色誘他 -這太無禮了
'cause basically if you think about what you're saying to me,	因為基本上如果你是像你對我說的那樣看我
you're saying because I'm a girl,	你就等於說因為我是個女生
and because I'm attractive,	而且因為我有吸引力
my only use for this agency would be to manipulate men.	所以我在這裡的用處只是為了操縱男人
I think it's offensive, too.	我也認為這樣很無禮
and that's exactly what I said to Aaron.	這就是我對艾倫所說的話
I said that bitch is blind as a bat.	我說那個婊子瞎得像只蝙蝠
Can we please move on?	我們可以繼續討論嗎
We have a dictator to kill.	我們要殺一個獨裁者
When handling the ricin strip,	當處理蓖麻毒素繃帶時
operate with extreme caution.	一定要小心謹慎操作
Even momentary flesh contact with the exposed strip is fatal.	即使短暫的肉體接觸繃帶也是致命的
The poison will lay dormant for 12 hours.	12小時後毒藥會代謝完畢
After it passes the blood-brain barrier,	通過血腦屏障後
your heart rate would shoot up to 160.	你的心率將飆升到160
Your body will strain to reject the poison	你的身體會不停地出汗腹瀉嘔吐
by profusely sweating, defecating, vomiting.	抗拒這種毒素
Within minutes, you will be dead.	幾分鐘內你就會掛了
- Okay. -Got it?	- 好了 -聽明白了嗎
Aaron peels off the film marked A,	艾倫撕掉標了A的薄膜
exposing the adhesive coating.	讓黏合層暴露出來
He then applies the strip to Dave's palm.	然後把它貼在戴夫的手掌上
- Okay... -Aaron will then remove the film marked B,	- 好的 -艾倫然後再撕掉標了B的薄膜
exposing the ricin.	讓蓖麻毒素露出來
- Clear. -Okay, clear.	- 清楚了-好的 清楚了
- Okay. -Okay.	- 好的 -好的
Dave needs to appear casual	戴夫要顯得隨意點
as he is transferred from his room	在他從房間走到
- Okay. -to the broadcast facility.	- 好的 -直播間的時候
It is critical that he keeps his hand open	很重要的一點是他要把他的手張開
and touches nothing.	然後什麼都別碰
Dave Skylark.	戴夫史開勒
- -Mr. Kim...	金先生
Just shaking hands.	只是握手
Hi.	嗨
Nice to meet you.	很高興見到你
Dave will bow to Kim	戴夫會向金正恩鞠一躬
then shake his hand,	然後與他握手
immediately disposing of the strip	然後立即撕掉繃條
in his jacket pocket, which will be lined	放進夾克口袋裡
with an absorbing agent that denatures the poison.	夾克的內襯會吸收改變毒藥的性質
- -Oh, no!	- -哦 不
Hey! Hey!	嘿 嘿
Agent Lacey!	蕾絲特工
- What's this mean? -You're dead.	- 這是什麼意思 -你掛了
All right, Mr. Skylark, so you'll just place	好吧 史開勒先生 所以你就在
the ricin case in this pouch here.	這裡放這個袋蓖麻毒素
It will magnetically seal,	它會被磁性密封
and then you're good to go.	然後你可以安全的走了
So you want me to carry this bag?	那你的意思是讓我拿著這個包包
This is the bag.	這就是那個包
This is a douche bag.	這個包醜爆了
The watches conceal an array of tactical functions.	這些手表隱藏了很多戰術功能
It's how you stay in contact with me and the command center.	你用這個跟我保持和指揮中心聯絡
- Aaron to Dave. -All radio communication	- 艾倫呼叫戴夫 -所有的無線電通訊
should be done using call signs.	都需要有代號
- Cool. -Dave,	- 真酷 -戴夫
you are "Dung beetle,"	你是糞金龜
- What? -And Aaron, you are "Aardvark."	- 什麼 -還有你 艾倫 你是食蟻獸
I can't even carry this thing!	我可不能帶著這個東西
What do you mean you can't carry it?	為什麼說你不能帶著這個包
Aerodynamics are all off.	不符合空氣動力學
It's hitting my leg.	不時碰到我的腿
It's, like, bulky.	太笨重
Please remember, gentlemen, you are entering into	一定要記住 二位 你們將要去
the most dangerous and unpredictable country on Earth.	世界上最危險而且不可預測的國家
Kim Jong-un is a master manipulator.	金正恩是個操縱別人的大師
His people revere him as a god.	他的人民將他奉為神
They'll believe anything	他們會相信任何
he tells them, including that he can speak to dolphins	金正恩告訴他們的 包括他可以和海豚說話
or he doesn't urinate and defecate.	還有金正恩他從不大小便
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...	喔喔喔喔
You're telling me my man doesn't pee or poop?	你在跟我說有人從不大小便
I'm telling you he does, and he lies	我的意思是他需要但是
to his people and they believe him.	他對他的人民撒了謊而他們相信他
Everybody pees and poops.	每個人都要上廁所
Where would it go otherwise? He'd explode.	否則 他會爆屎的
But he does talk to dolphins.	但是他的確能和海豚交流
All right, how do I look?	好吧 我看起來怎麼樣
Fucking awesome?	帥到掉渣
Yeah, actually, this is really, really nice.	恩 說實話 你還挺不錯的
- Yeah. -And that just...	- 是啊 -但這
What the fuck is this?	這他媽是什麼
- It's my bag. -It's wonderful.	- 這是我的包包啊 -包包不錯
That's just not the bag the CIA gave you.	但這個不是中情局給你的那個啊
Oh, that bag?	哦你說那個包啊
Yes, that bag!	對 那個包
That bag was Fugly with a capital "Fug."	那個包簡直醜到爆了
Well, it was also designed to conceal fucking poison	但是那個包裡面有該死的毒藥
that we're gonna smuggle into a foreign country.	我們要帶到外國去的
Kim is a super fan.	金正恩是個超級粉絲
He knows I take fashion risks.	他知道我是個潮男
Look, I show up with that other bag,	你想想 我要是拎著那個包
Kim's gonna be like,	金正恩一定會說
: "Oh, no.	去你的吧
"You got ugly bag?	帶著個醜包就來見我
"You no Skylark, you secret agent.	你才不是史開勒 你個該死的特工
Terminate him."	幹掉他
Where's the fucking poison strip?	那該死的的毒藥呢
I put the strip in a pack of gum.	我把它放到一疊口香糖裡
They'll never find it.	沒人會發現的
I am not cool with this.	我不放心
- It's showtime. -Showtime?	- 好戲要上演了 -好戲
It's not showtime.	根本沒有好戲
- What are you doing? Stop. - "Dave Skylark Tonight!"	- 你幹什麼 站住 - 今晚史開勒
Stop walking!	給我站住
- Stop walking. -Hello.	- 停下來 -你好
We are going to North Korea.	我們將會去北韓
Yo, Skylark, which side	嗨 史開勒
of President Kim's ass you gonna kiss?	你會親金正恩的哪邊屁股
I'm not gonna kiss him, but let's just say	我才不會親他 但是我
I might give him something special with my hand.	可能用手給他來點特別的
You gonna jerk him off?	你要給他打手槍?
What? No. That's a double entendre.	什麼 哦不 那是雙關語
Shut the fuck... Shut up!	他媽給我閉嘴 閉嘴
- I'm foreshadowing! -Shut up!	- 我只是在埋伏筆 -閉嘴
Shut up! Get in the fucking car!	閉嘴 快他媽上車
Shut up! Shut up!	閉嘴 閉嘴
Why would you say that? Why would you say that?	你為什麼要說出來
All right, here we go.	好的 我們來了
What's that noise?	那是什麼聲音
- I don't know. -Do you hear that?	- 我不知道 -你聽到了嗎
Yeah.	聽到了
Wow.	哇靠
This is crazy.	太扯了吧
- Hello, North Korea! -Wow.	- 北韓你好啊 -喔
This is crazy.	簡直瘋了
Okay, okay.	好吧 好吧
North side! -Okay.	北邊的朋友你們好嗎
Hi. Sorry about... what he's doing.	你好 抱歉 不要介意他
Hello! Wow...	你好 喔
I like your style.	我喜歡你的風格
Good to see you again. How are you?	很高興再一次見到你 你好啊
- Hi. -Hello.	- 你好 -你好
- Hello. -This is great.	- 你好 -這太棒了
Uh, Dave, this is, uh, Sook-yin Park.	呃 戴夫 這位是樸素英
- Sook? The Sook? -Yes, yes.	- 素 素女士嗎 -恩 是的
That you won't stop talking about?	你一直談到的那位嗎
That's not true.	別瞎扯
We are different people.	我們是不同的民族
We speak different languages.	說不同的語言
Huh?	對嗎
We have different faces,	我們長相不同
but inside	但是內心
we are same-same.	我們是一樣的
Same-same, but different.	一樣的 但是又不同
But still same.	但還是一樣的
Oh, thank you.	謝謝 謝謝
Konichiwa.	你好（日語）
You know, I'm very,	你知道 我對
very interested in the history of your young nation.	你們這個年輕國度的歷史非常感興趣
I hear that	我聽說
absolutely everyone here is-is starving to death.	這裡每個人都在被餓死
No.	喔靠
It's quite all right.	沒關係的
This is a common misconception.	這是個常見的誤解
Oh, okay.	哦 好的
See for yourself.	你自己看
Oh, wow! It's a grocery store.	快看 食品雜貨店呢
Looks like the Whole Foods around the corner from my place.	看著就像我家旁邊那家
Yep, guess no one's hungry here after all.	看來也沒人填不飽肚子
We have an abundance of food here.	我們這裡食物很充裕
And speak of the devil, look at that fat kid!	說曹操曹操到 快看那個小胖子
Hi, little fatty!	你好呀 小胖子
Hi. Mm-mm!	你好
We have many fat children in North Korea.	我們北韓有很多很多的小胖子
The Supreme Leader	我們偉大的金領袖
believes it is a hallmark	覺得這個是
of prosperity and self-sufficiency.	國家昌盛 自足的象徵
I don't know about all that,	其他的我不知道
but this one is one that I heard.	但是我聽說
I heard he doesn't pee or poo.	金正恩他不大便也不小便
He works so hard, he burns the energy from inside.	他超級努力工作 能量在內部就被消耗了
You-You're telling me my man doesn't have to take a poo?	你在跟我說有人不需要大便
Does-does he have a butthole?	那他有屁眼嗎
He does not have a butthole.	他沒有屁眼
He has no need for one.	他不需要屁眼
Whoa!	哇
Ho-ho! Damn, son!	喔喔 我操
Damn...	靠腰...
Right this way.	這邊請
I get it. Fucking stop it.	我知道 住手
These are Officers Koh and Yu.	這是許長官和於長官
They are the heads of	他們是
our Supreme Leader's personal security.	我們偉大的金領袖的貼身保鑣
They have been with him since he was a little boy.	領袖從小就由他們保護
They will search you one last time	他們會最後搜查你們一遍
before entering our Supreme Leader's home.	然後才能進入偉大領袖的宮殿
Just a Gucci bag.	只是一個Gucci包
What's this?	這是什麼
Uh...	呃…
gum.	口香糖
That is gum.	這是口香糖
Oh, you fucking tried it?	喔幹 你真的吃了啊!
This gun has no flavor.	這個口香糖沒味道啊
- If you don't like it, just spit it out. -Just spit it out.	- 你要不喜歡就吐出來 -吐出來就好
We wouldn't be insulted if you just spat it out.	你要是吐出來我們不會介意的
Your gum taste like shit.	你們的口香糖吃起來跟屎一樣
Okay.	好吧
You may now enter the Supreme Leader's home.	你們可以進去了
This room	這間房
- for Mr. Skylark. -AARON: Cool.	- 是給史開勒先生的 –酷
Thanks.	謝謝
This room for Mr. Rapoport.	這間是給雷特波先生的
Ooh, lovely.	太溫馨了
- Thank you. Quaint. -Cute.	- 謝謝 真怪 -棒
You know, I'm tired.	恩 我有點累了
How are you feeling?	你覺得呢
- We go now. -AARON: Okay.	- 我們走了 -好
Dude, what the fuck?	大哥了 我操
Hey, uh, you know,	呃 你知道的
- how's your tummy feeling? -You should have some Tums.	- 你肚子怎麼樣 -你應該來點藥
Maybe you should have some tea.	可能你應該來點茶
Fuck.	靠
-Shh. -Shh.	噓
They could be recording.	隔墻有耳
- Oh, the thing. -The thing, all right, go.	- 哦對 那東西 -那東西
Oh, uh... -Lovely room.	好可愛的房間
- Yeah. -Oh, yes.	- 是啊 -好
Lovely. I'm gonna go take a shower now.	好啊 我準備去洗個澡
Okay, I'll take one with you.	好的我跟你一起去
Why would you take one with me?	你為什麼要跟我一起
I'm just making up fake conversation.	我只是在編對話啊
Shut up. Shut the fuck up.	閉嘴 快閉嘴
What... the... fuck... dude?	我操 我操 我操
He ate it. He fucking ate it.	他把那個吃了 他媽就這樣吃了
- You're not even supposed to touch it. -And he ate it.	- 你根本不應該去動的 -但是他吃了
- Chewing. Chewing it! -Shit! Fuck.	- 嚼了 -我操
Shit, he's gonna die.	靠 他會掛掉的
Look, look, look, look...	好吧 好吧 好吧 好吧
He's probably, like, Kim's trigger man, okay?	他應該是金正恩的副手 對嗎
He's probably killed, like, tons of people.	他可能殺了 很多很多人
He's probably worse than Kim,	可能比金正恩還壞
and we're okay with killing Kim, right?	所以我們殺了他沒什麼過不去的啊
Yeah.	恩
How the fuck are we gonna do that, by the way?	所以我們他媽要怎麼殺金正恩
We don't have any poison anymore.	我們沒毒藥了
What happened to it?	發生什麼了
- Somebody ate it. -Someone ate it?	- 有人把毒藥吃了 -有人把毒藥吃了
Why the fuck did you switch bags?	你他媽為什麼要換包包
- Yeah, Dave! -All right, all right!	- 對啊 戴夫 -好吧 好吧
I shouldn't have switched the bags. I'm sorry.	我不應該換包的 我的錯
I told you. -Listen, just sit tight.	- 我早就跟你說過 -聽著 乖乖呆著
I am going to contact you.	我會聯絡你們
Do not fall asleep.	別睡著
I'm gonna figure out a way to fix this.	我想個辦法補救一下
Thanks. Why'd you tell her?	謝謝 你為什麼要跟她說
Tell her what? Because it's the truth.	跟她說什麼 因為這是真相啊
Why'd you tell her that he ate it?	你為什麼要跟她說他吃了毒藥
Because he did!	因為他吃了啊
Dude, that was a cock block.	大哥 那我們可真沒轍了
Get me Major Franks at the Osan Air Force Base.	給我接烏山空軍基地的弗蘭克上校
ETA to launch zone, 20 minutes.	預計到達發射地點時間 20分鐘
We have a bird en route.	我們發射了一個無人機
It will be within range of you in 15 minutes.	大概15分鐘到你們附近
Aardvark,	食蟻獸
your watch will transmit the coordinates	你的手表的發射的坐標
to guide in the package.	會引導包裹
You need to get outside to a place with no tree cover	你需要到外面的一片沒有樹木的空地上
where you can't be detected.	你不會被發現的地方
Okay?	好嗎
What-what-what...? Lacey, why do I have to do it?	你說什麼 蕾絲 為什麼是我
Why you?	為什麼是你
Because if Dung Beetle gets caught	因為如果糞金龜被抓到
or killed, then we don't have a mission anymore, do we?	或者被處決 行動就沒法進行下去了
You really think I could get caught or killed?	你真的覺得我會被抓到或者被殺掉
Hey, put on your darkest clothes and get outside now	嗨 快穿上你最深色的衣服到外面去
and make sure that you are	確保你
at least 20 yards away from the building.	至少離大樓20碼
Approaching launch zone.	接近發射區
You ready?	準備好了
I think so.	恩恩
I'm a little nervous, but I'm feeling okay.	有點緊張 但是感覺還好
- Okay, okay. -I think I can do it.	- 好的 好的 -我沒問題的
- What are you doing? -I'm gonna cherish	- 你幹嘛呢 -我要珍惜
- all the memories we have. -Don't do this!	- 我們在一起的所有回憶 -別這樣
- What? -Talk to me like I'm about to die, okay?	- 什麼 -說的跟我馬上就要掛了一樣
- I'm gonna be fine! -All right. I know.	- 我不會有事的 -好 我知道
I'm trying to psych myself up here; you're bringing me down.	我本來都給準備好了了 你又來搗亂
I will love your mother like she was my mother.	我會把你媽當我媽來養的
- Just shut up. Shut up. -Okay.	- 你就閉嘴吧 閉嘴 -好吧
Shh.	噓
It's really scary out there.	外面好可怕
Yeah, super-duper scary.	對 超級可怕
- Be careful. -Okay, good. You got me?	- 小心點 -好的 沒問題 你抓緊我了嗎
- I got you. I will not drop you. -Okay.	- 我抓住你了 不會鬆手的 -好
- Yeah, just don't drop me. -I got you.	- 好 千萬別鬆手 -我抓著你呢
- I got... Oh! -	- 我抓…幹!
Aardvark, are you all right?	食蟻獸 你還好麼
I'm fine. Shut the fuck up.	我沒事 你他媽閉嘴吧你
Aardvark is hot.	食蟻獸準備好了
Aardvark is H-O-T hot.	食蟻獸 準 備 好 了
- This is so scary. -LACEY: Aardvark?	- 很嚇人啊 -食蟻獸
You're being extremely brave.	你真勇敢
Everybody here is very proud of you.	大家都為你自豪
- My tummy's all scraped up and wet. -Aardvark,	- 我肚子上都是濕的 -食蟻獸
I'm gonna rub your tummy when you get back, don't worry.	等你回來我幫你揉揉 別擔心
Just a few more feet, okay?	就再過去幾英尺 好麼
Just five to ten more feet.	再過去幾英尺
I got to keep going?	我還要繼續爬嗎
I don't want to keep going.	我不想爬了
Fuck.	靠
Package will deploy in three, two, one, boom.	包裹釋放 3 2 1
Package is inbound.	包裹入境了
Arrival time, two minutes.	兩分鐘後到達
Just five more feet.	再過去5英尺
Five more feet, and you're on your mark.	5英尺 你就到標記的地方了
Hey, hey,	嘿 嘿
hey, don't move.	嘿 別動
I think I see something.	我好像看到了什麼東西
- Huh? -There's something out there.	啊 有什麼東西在那邊
What do you mean, there's something out there?	你什麼意思 那邊有什麼東西啊
What is it? Can you zoom in on that?	那是什麼 你能放大嗎
What do I do?	我該怎麼做
Comm One, are you seeing this?	我靠 你看見了嗎
Zoom in one that thing.	把那玩意放大
What is that?	這是什麼啊
There's something crawling towards Aardvark.	有個東西朝著食蟻獸爬過去了
What the fuck? What is it? Talk to me.	我操 那是啥 快告訴我
I'm seeing four legs connected to one body.	我看到一個軀體連著四條腿
What the fuck are you seeing? I'm not seeing anything.	你他媽看到的是什麼啊 我什麼都沒看見
Dog, big dog.	狗 大狗
- Big dog? -It's like Clifford size.	- 大狗 -和大紅狗一樣大
We're talking Falkor in "The Neverending Story."	我們正在討論永不停歇的故事中的福客
It's like a dragon dog.	它像龍狗
This is like a dragon dog.	像龍狗
Is that a fucking...	那他媽是..
Guys, what am I looking for? I don't know...	哥們 我應該找啥 我不知道
It's like a big dog	它像隻大狗
that's orange.	是橙色的
It's got stripes.	還有條紋
It's like a big, orange, stripey dog.	它是一條橙色的有條紋的狗
There's a tiger.	是老虎
It's a fucking tiger.	幹他媽的是老虎
It's a fucking tiger.	幹他媽的的是老虎
Yes.	對
A tiger.	老虎
You fucking led my friend into a tiger patch?	幹 你讓我朋友去一個老虎的地盤
I told you there were tigers there.	我告訴過你那裡有老虎的
Guys, I'm very unhappy right now.	大家 我現在感覺有桑心
Look, it's really dark out there.	聽著 現在外面很黑
He probably doesn't see you.	老虎可能看不見你
Oh, it fucking sees me. -	幹 牠已經看見我了
- It ha... it has night vision. -They have night vision?	- 牠.. 牠能夜視 -他們晚上能看見東西
That tiger has night vision goggles?	老虎還戴夜視鏡啊
It doesn't have night vision goggles.	老虎不是戴夜視鏡
It just naturally has night...	而是天生的有夜視能力
Listen, just keep the line clear,	聽著 保持通訊順暢
Dung Beetle, please?	糞金龜 拜託了
Aardvark is in trouble.	我有麻煩了
What do I do? What do I do?	我該怎麼辦 我該怎麼辦
Talk to me, talk to me.	告訴我 告訴我
I didn't want it to come to this,	我不想這樣
but you're gonna have to fight that tiger.	但是你要跟那隻老虎打
No, do not! Do not fight the tiger!	不 千萬別 不要和老虎打
Do not be a gentleman, you go right for the fucking balls.	別裝紳士 直接上去打老虎的蛋蛋
I don't see its balls.	我沒看到它的蛋蛋啊
Do not fight the tiger! You will lose!	別和老虎打 你會輸的
If that's a girl tiger, you got to cunt punt that bitch.	如果是只母老虎 你必須踢那賤貨的下面
- Dave, shut the fuck up. -Cunt punt that fucking bitch!	- 戴夫 快他媽閉嘴 -踢她下面
Please tell me you know that that's a stupid idea.	快告訴我你知道這個主意蠢爆了
Please, please don't try to fight the tiger.	拜託 拜託不要跟老虎幹架
I'm gonna make a run for it.	我準備落跑了
Do not run for it!	不要逃跑
You will die.	你會死的
It's coming.	牠來了
You go, go, go, buddy! Go, buddy!	快跑 大哥 跑 大哥快跑
Look out, look out! It's coming after you!	小心 小心 牠追上來了
It's coming after you!	牠追上來了
- Oh, God, I'm alive. -Aaron!	- 哦 天啊 我還活著 -艾倫
- I'm alive. -	我還活著
Are you in the tiger, Aardvark?	你在老虎肚子裡嗎 食蟻獸
Are you inside the tiger?	你在老虎肚子裡嗎
Are you okay?	你還好嗎
Do you have the package?	你拿到包裹了嗎
This is Aardvark.	我是食蟻獸
I think the package just killed the fucking tiger.	我想那個包裹剛好他媽的把老虎砸死了
Fantastic. You have to secure the package.	太好了 你快把它藏起來
Secure the motherfucking package.	把這完蛋玩意藏起來
He's got the package. He has the package.	他拿到包裹了 他拿到包裹了
I got it; what do I do with it?	我拿到了 我應該怎麼做
Aardvark, there are people coming.	食蟻獸 有人來了
You have to act now.	你現在必須行動
Secure the package, secure the package.	把包裹藏起來 把包裹藏起來
- What do I do with it? -They're coming right towards you.	- 我要怎麼辦 -他們朝著你來啦
They're gonna see it, they're gonna see it.	他們要發現了 他們要發現了
You got to hide that little missile.	快把那個小導彈藏起來
I have to hide it somewhere?	我必須把它藏起來
Where the fuck do I hide it?	我他媽藏哪啊
What do I do with it? What do I do with it?	我該怎麼辦 我該怎麼辦
What if you hide it in your butt?	你覺得藏在屁眼裡行嗎
I don't want to stick it in my ass.	我才不想把這玩意插進我屁眼裡
You got to put it in your butt, Aardvark.	你必須把它塞進你屁眼裡 食蟻獸
Comm One, please tell me I don't have	拜託 不要吧
to stick this think in my ass.	不要把這玩意塞進我屁股裡
Okay, you're right. Just give us	好吧 沒錯
one second to come up with a better plan.	給我們點時間去想個好點的法子
Isn't there anywhere else I could secure it?	我就沒有更好的地方藏了嗎
I think he should put it in his asshole.	我覺得應該藏在他屁眼裡
We don't have a better plan. You're going to have	我們沒有更好的方案了
to stick it in your ass.	你快把那玩意插到屁眼裡
No! No!	不 不
No!	不
I've never done that.	我以前從來沒幹過
I've been there before. It looks huge.	我以前幹過 它看起來挺大的
That tiger blood will lubricate it.	但是老虎的血會起到潤滑它的作用
This will mess up my asshole!	它會把我的屁眼搞爛的
Aardvark, there-there are people there.	食蟻獸 有人來了
They are closing in on you.	他們正在包圍你
They have guns.	他們有槍
You need to secure the payload	你要把包裹藏起來
and you need to secure it in your ass.	而且是把它藏在你的屁股裡面
Just stick it in your butt.	插進屁屁就行啦
Okay, fine, fine.	好 好吧 好吧
I'm there with you, bro.	我陪著你呢 兄弟
Just listen to the soothing tones of my voice.	聽著我撫慰的語音
Just breathe.	呼吸
Oh, it's cold.	哦 好涼
Just let everything go loose.	放鬆一切
Oh, I don't like it!	哦 我不喜歡這樣
The tip is...	頭那裡
it's the worst part.	是最難插進去的地方
Trust me on this.	相信我
Inhale as you do it. -	插的時候吸氣
The tip of the package is secure.	包裹的頭已插進來了
Comm One, that thing is in his butt.	快點 那東西已經進他的屁股了
Owie, owie.	哎喲喂 哎喲喂
You are almost in the end zone, Aardvark.	你就快要完成了 艾德瓦克
Just take it home.	把它帶回來就行了
The package is secure.	包裹已藏好
You are a hero.	你是個英雄
You are a goddamn hero.	你真他媽是大英雄
- -All right, they're coming, they're coming.	好 他們來了 他們來了
I got to go. Over and out.	我得走了 先掛了
Hi! Aah! Don't shoot me.	嗨 啊 別殺我
Oh, God!	哦 天啊
Don't hurt me, please!	別傷害我 拜託
See? There's nothing in here.	看見沒 這什麼都沒有
There's nothing in here.	什麼都沒有
What?	啥
Oh, God, no!	哦 天啊 不
Ow!	哦
Come on!	拜託
What the fuck?	我操
Why? Why'd you do that?	為什麼 你們為什麼這麼做
Why'd you do that?!	你們為什麼這麼做
Is this what you want?	這就是你們想要的
There! You like it?!	來啊 你開心了
You like it?!	開心沒
It's all yours, fuckers!	都給你 王八蛋
Stay in the room, American.	好好待在房間裡 美國人
Hey, they're gone. Did they look in your butt?	嘿 他們走了 他們有看你屁眼嗎
- No, they didn't look in my butt. -It's still in there?	- 不 他們沒看我屁眼 -它還在裡面嗎
- Yes, it's in there. -Wow. Must be deep.	- 對 還在裡面 -哇哦 一定挺深
- It is. -Get it out.	- 對 -快拿出來啊
I'm gonna fucking get it out.	我他媽當然要拿出來啊
I'm here to help.	我可以幫你啊
Two doses, In case you fuck up again	給你們兩片 以防你們又搞砸
-Hey.	嘿
- How'd it go? -One ricin strip with your name on it.	- 怎麼樣 一條有你名字的蓖麻毒素帶
Got it.	我懂的
All right.	好了
See, not so bad.	看 也不是很糟嘛
Yeah, not so bad.	是啊 不是很糟
- What?! -Yeah.	- 啥玩意 -對
- That? -This.	- 這個這麼大 -這麼大
- In your bu...? -Asshole.	- 在你屁 -屁眼
- No! -Yes.	- 不 -是
I was picturing something, like, this big.	- 我以為它 也就這麼大
Yeah, that I could live with.	對 我都可以忍受
As soon as you get home,	你一到家
you need to see a proctologist.	就去看肛腸科醫生吧
I'm afraid to fucking look.	我他媽也是這麼想的
You got fucked by RoboCop, dude.	你被機械戰警上了 兄弟
Uh, who is it?	額 誰
It is, uh, Kim Jong-un.	是金正恩
What?	誰
Kim Jong-what?	金正啥
I am the Supreme Leader of, uh, North Korea.	我是北韓的最高領導人
What?	什麼
What the fuck?	我操
- It's him. -It's fucking him.	- 是他 -真他媽是他
What is he doing here? What the fuck?	- 他來干什麼 我操
Hide it, hide it, hide it.	藏起來 藏起來 藏起來
- Put it back up. -No.	- 放回去 -不
I'm not putting it back up.	我絕逼不放回去
No, I'm gonna hide it in my room.	不 我準備把他藏在我房間
- Okay. What do I do with this? -Go say hi to him.	- 好的 我應該怎麼做 -去跟他打招呼
Do I put it on right now?	我現在就把它黏上嗎
No, then he'll die when we're still here.	不 那樣他死的時候我們還沒走呢
- -Put it in your pocket.	放你口袋裡
- Okay, fine. -Okay, fine.	- 好吧 聽你的 -好吧，聽你的
- Come with me. -No, I got to hide this.	- 跟我一起去 - 不 我要把這個藏起來
- Aaron, just come with me. -No, no...	- 艾倫 跟我一起吧 -不的 不的
Aaron, Aaron.	艾倫 艾倫
Hi.	嗨
Good morning, Dave.	早上好 戴夫
Good morning.	早上好
Hi.	嗨
Dave Skylark, ah.	戴夫 史開勒 哈
It's crazy.	太屌了
Oh, I have a gift for you.	哦 我有個禮物要送給你
- Oh, really? -Yeah.	- 哦 真的嗎 -對
This.	這個
Oh, oh, this is me.	哦 哦 這是我
It's you.	是你
Oh, that's great.	哦 真棒
I always wanted one of these... a bust.	我一直想要一個 一個雕像
Dave Skylark.	戴夫 史開勒
Hey!	嘿
- Thank you. -You like that?	- 謝謝 -你喜歡嗎
So you really like the show?	你真的很喜歡這個節目
No, I might not show it, but I'm freaking out.	不 我可能沒有表現的很明顯 但是有點小緊張
You're like a superfan.	你真是一個超級粉絲
I really am.	我確實是
Yeah.	耶
That's so cool.	太酷了
Don't say something stupid, Kim.	別說傻話 金
Okay, so I, uh,	好的 所以我 額
thought you might enjoy, uh, breakfast	想你會 額 會喜歡吃早餐
and a tour of my home.	然後在我家逛逛
I'd absolutely love to.	必須的
You know, I have to admit, before I came here,	你知道嗎 我必須要承認 我來之前
I thought this place was gonna be a dump.	我認為這裡會是一個垃圾場
Of course.	是啊
For decades, you've heard the false rumors:	幾十年來你們聽過這些錯誤的謠傳
"North Korea is a failed state.	北韓是一個失敗的國家
We can't feed our people."	我們不能養活我們的子民
- Yeah. -It's all propaganda.	- 是 -那全是謠傳
I see. Well, yeah, I mean...	我知道了 而且 額 我的意思是
I did see a fat kid	我確實看到了小胖孩
and a really nice-looking grocery store.	和一個非常漂亮的商店
Oh, we have beautiful grocery stores here in North Korea.	對 在北韓我們有很多漂亮的商店
You know, one of my favorite things to do	你知道嗎 我最喜歡做的一件事
is just strolling up and down the aisles	就是沿著廊道來回散步
to see the-the beautiful fruits of my country's land.	看我們國家的美麗果實
I can believe that.	我能想像的到
It looks like you hit the grocery store pretty often.	看起來你經常去商店哦
Screw you, Dave.	去你的 戴夫
- Hey, you want to see something cool? -Yeah.	- 嘿 想不想看酷一點的 -當然
Holy fuck-a-moley!	哇勒幹他媽的
Is that real?	這是真的嗎
It was a gift to my grandfather from Stalin.	這是史達林給我爺爺的禮物
In my country, it's pronounced "Stallone."	在我們國家 它的讀音是 史泰龍(藍波演員)
You're so funny, Dave.	你真有趣 戴夫
Uh, right.	恩 對啊
Well, can we look inside?	那 我們能看看裡面嗎
Fuck, yeah, we can.	幹 當然能了
Come on.	來吧
This is so cool.	太酷了
- A tank! -Yeah, a tank.	- 坦克 -是啊 坦克
Whoa.	哇哦
Is it still live?	還能用嗎
I don't know.	我不知道
Maybe we should find out.	也許我們應該試試
Look... you have a... sound system in here?	看 你有個 音響設備
Oh, no, no, no. Don't... d-don't touch.	哦 別別別 別 別動
- Katy Perry? -Oh...	- 凱蒂 佩芮 -噢
Oh, uh... no, my wife must have put that in there,	哦 啊 不 一定是我太太把它放那裡的
'cause I've never heard this before in my life.	因為在此之前我從沒聽過這個
I love Katy Perry!	我愛凱蒂佩芮
Baby, you're a firework Come on,	寶貝 你就是一簇 煙火 來嘛
show 'em what you're worth... I love... I mean, I have this on...	給他們看看你的價值 我愛 我是說 我有這個
I listen to this all the time.	我一直在聽這個
- Really? -I love her!	- 真的嗎 -我非常喜歡她
You know why I really like her?	你知道為什麼我這麼喜歡她嗎
'Cause... because she has such a strong message	因為 因為她給全世界的
for young women and girls across the planet.	青年女性和女孩兒們傳達出如此強烈的信息
She's a... It's so empowering.	她是一個 她天生就有這種氣質
Yeah.	是啊
You know, Dave, sometimes I feel like a plastic bag.	你知道嗎 戴夫 有時候我感覺自己就像個塑膠袋
Drifting through the wind?	在風中飄著啊
Wanting to start again.	想重新開始
Oh.	哦
As you shoot across the Sky,	當你射向天空的時候
sky, sky... Oh, good times.	- 天空 天空 -哦 好時光啊
- Yeah. -Yeah. Uh, Dave?	- 是啊 -是啊 啊 戴夫
Do you think that margaritas are gay	你覺得瑪格麗塔酒是因為太甜
because they are so sweet?	而被看做同性戀的特徵嗎
Did someone tell you that? That margaritas are gay?	誰說的 喝瑪格麗塔酒的人是同性戀
No, it's just a question I have.	不 這只是我自己的疑問
If liking Katy Perry and drinking margaritas is gay,	如果喜歡凱蒂 佩芮 喜歡喝瑪格麗塔酒就是同性戀
then who wants to be straight?	那誰想做異性戀呢
- Not me. -Boring!	- 一定不是我 -那就太無聊了
Margaritas are great.	瑪格麗塔酒很棒啊
And whoever planted that in your head is crazy.	無論是誰給你腦中灌輸這種思想的人 都是瘋子
Let me ask you something.	讓我問你件事
Does this thing still run?	這個還能開嗎
Oh, man, this is great, right?	哦 老兄 這個太棒了 不是嗎
Can we fire the gun?	我們能開炮嗎
You think I'd tease you and not take you all the way?	你覺得我會勾起你的興趣然後不給你展示點真東西嗎
- Really? -Close that shit.	- 真的嗎 -把那玩意關上
- Closing the hatch. -Okay.	- 關艙門 -好的
Boom, boom, boom!	蹦 蹦 蹦
Oh, shit!	哦 天啊
Fuck you, tree!	去你的 大樹
The control room will be fully staffed	控制室需要配備好人員
to insure an uninterrupted transmission.	來保證傳輸的連續性
All right.	好吧
This is the kill switch.	這個是中斷開關
During the interview, if any parameters are violated,	在採訪中 如果出現任何差錯
I will use it and cut the signal.	我就用它切斷信號
Don't worry, we're gonna stick with the program here.	別擔心 節目全程我們會一直在這裡的
I will be in charge of every aspect of this transmission.	我負責這次播送的所有方面
Dave and the show itself are very dependent on me	說到如何拍攝節目
when it comes to how we actually shoot the show.	戴夫和這個節目本身很大程度上都靠我
I know. I've watched every episode	我知道 為了給這次採訪做準備
in preparation for this interview.	你們做的每一期節目我都看了
Wow!	哇哦
I particularly enjoyed	我尤其喜歡
the Miley Cyrus camel toe episode.	麥莉 塞勒斯的駱駝蹄那一期
Oh, the camel toe episode. That was good.	哦 駱駝蹄那段 不錯
I've never heard this expression before.	我以前從沒聽說過這種表達
But after seeing it, it is a perfect	但在看過之後 就會發現
representation of her vagina.	這是對她陰道一個超貼切的描述
It is， it looked exactly like that, yeah.	確實是 看就來真的很像 是的
- It's very deep. -Very deep. Yeah.	- 非常深 -很深 是啊
She has quite a hearty moose knuckle.	她的緊身衣正勾勒出她那飽滿的私處
You Americans are so creative with your sexual innuendos.	你們美國人對於性方面的暗喻還真是有創意啊
- We do it very well. -Many animal references.	- 還行 -很多都能用動物代表
Oh, yes, tons.	哦 是的 非常多
Please, take this printed copy of the questions.	請拿著這份問題的打印版
It's crucial Dave review them before the interview.	有必要讓戴夫在採訪前復習一下
Officers Koh and Yu will now take you	谷長官和於長官會把你帶到
to your room, where you'll be served lunch.	你的房間 你在那裡用午餐
Come, American. Time to get even fatter.	來吧 美國人 吃得更肥的時間到了
Oh, ha-ha. Great.	哦 哈哈 太棒了
Thanks, guys.	謝謝了 伙計們
Making you my little Korean bitch!	讓你成為我的北韓小跟班
What are you gonna do?	你要做什麼
You gonna drop some nukes on L.A.?	你打算往洛杉磯發射核導彈嗎
- Nuke your mama. -I bet they can't even	- 射你媽 -我打賭導彈都
make it to Australia!	到不了澳大利亞
Face!	臉
Man, this is so nice.	老兄 這太棒了
Let me ask you something.	我來問你件事
Now, don't take this the wrong way.	現在 別誤會
You can ask me anything, Dave.	你可以問我任何事 戴夫
Do you pee and poo?	你小大便嗎
You've heard the stories, huh?	你已經聽過那個故事了 是吧
Yes, I pee and poo.	是的 我小便也大便
So you have a butthole.	那你是有屁眼囉
I've got a butthole,	我有屁眼
and it's working overtime.	而且它一直有在用
You are awesome.	你真是太棒了
You know, this is so weird.	你知道 這很奇怪
You are, like, the coolest guy.	你是最酷的人了
But a lot of people	但很多人
say that...	說
you're bat-shit crazy.	你是個瘋子
They're not wrong.	他們也沒錯
I'm 31 years old.	我才31歲
The fact that I am running a country is bat-shit crazy.	就讓我治國這才是瘋了
Hey, what am I to do	嗨 當2400萬人
when 24 million people	指望我做他們的領袖 他們的神
look to me as their leader, their god?	我又能怎麼做呢
What am I to do when my father's dying wish	我父親臨終前囑託
was for me to carry his torch?	讓我接班 我又能做什麼呢
Wow.	哇哦
You want to know what my father said to me on his deathbed?	你想知道我父親在臨終前的病榻上對我說了什麼嗎
What did he say, Dave?	他說了什麼 戴夫
"I'm disappointed,	我很失望
because you haven't done enough with your life."	因為你這一生無所成就
That is fucked up.	那爛透了
Yeah, tell me about it.	是啊 誰說不是呢
Jordan!	喬丹來了
Oh!	哦
- They call me incompetent. -That's exactly what they	- 他們說我無法勝任 -這正是他們所說的
- said about me when I scored this interview. -No way.	- 就在我拿到這次採訪時 他們也是這麼說的 -不會吧
They said, "Dave Skylark is stupid and incompetent."	他們說 戴夫 的今晚史開勒既愚蠢又無能
You're handsome, competent, suave.	你很英俊 有能力 也很文雅
How dare they!	他們怎麼能這麼說
I pretend like their insults don't get to me.	我假裝他們的羞辱並沒有傷害到我
But they do.	但其實傷到了
You know what's more destructive than a nuclear bomb?	你知道比核彈傷害更具毀滅性的是什麼嗎
Words.	言語
And the people are jealous of men like you and me.	人們嫉妒像你我這樣的人
It's as though they despise us because they are not us.	他們好像是看不起我們 那是因為他們成不了我們
Hate us 'cause they ain't us.	討厭我們 因為他們不是我們
Exactly.	沒錯
They hate us because they ain't us.	他們討厭我們是因為他們並不是我們
- That's a great saying, okay? -Hate us 'cause they ain't us!	- 這個說法很棒 有木有 -討厭我們是因為他們並非我們
They hate us because they ain't us.	他們討厭我們是因為他們並非我們
Kim! You got it, boy!	金 接好了 哥們
Okay. Okay. Alley-oop!	好吧 好吧 空中接力
Oh!	噢
- That's all right.	- 沒關係
- That's all right. -Oh, my ankles.	- 沒關係 -哦 我的關節啊
- Okay. -Hey, Kim.	- 好吧 -嘿 金
Let me ask you something.	我問你件事
Was your father the one who said that margaritas are gay?	是你父親說喝瑪格麗塔酒的都是同性戀嗎
He said that my brothers and I were all too feminine.	他說我和我的兄弟們都太娘娘腔了
That our luxurious lifestyles turned us into homosexuals.	他說是紙醉金迷的生活讓我們變成了同性戀
I don't have to worry about that anymore.	我再也不用擔心這個了
Because guess what I get tons of.	因為 你猜我得到的最多的是什麼?
Pussy.	女人
Oh, my God.	哦 我的天吶
Hey.	嘿
Dude, you just spent the fucking day	老兄 你一整天
with Kim Jong-un. What happened?	都和金正恩在一起 都幹嘛了
Ah...	啊
It was amazing.	這一天過得很棒
- "It was amazing"? -Yeah.	- 很棒 -是啊
I think it was one of the best days of my life.	我覺得這是我一生中最棒的幾天之一
- What? -We smoked joints,	- 什麼 -我們一起抽雪茄
played basketball,	打籃球
fucked chicks.	幹女人
We had the best margaritas.	還喝了最棒的瑪格麗塔酒
Did you say you fucked chicks?	你是說你幹了女人
Oh, my God.	哦 我的天啊
Kim Jong is an animal.	金正恩就是個色鬼
You know you have to kill this fucking guy tomorrow, right?	你知道你明天就得殺掉這個人 對嗎
I've been thinking a little bit about the mission.	我也會想一下這次的任務
Okay.	好吧
America, you know,	美國 你知道
always puttin' its nose in things and screwin' 'em up.	總是把它的鼻子放進東西裡聞 然後把它弄得一團糟
The truth is, Kim is a master at manipulating the media.	事實上 金正恩是個操縱媒體的好手
- Yeah. -You're the media.	- 是啊 -你就是媒體
You get what's happening here?	你明白是怎麼回事了嗎
Maybe the media's manipulating you.	也許媒體正在操縱你
"Maybe the media's manip..."?	也許媒體正在操縱
What the fuck does that even mean?	這他媽到底什麼意思啊
I'm the only one who's spent real time with him, all right?	我是唯一一個和他真正呆在一起的人 對吧
Spent face-to-face time.	我們面對面
Dick-to-dick.	老二對老二
It's just, man, I can sympathize	老兄 我只是同情
with people that get dumped on by the media... and it sucks.	那些被媒體拋棄的人 那糟透了
Well, you know what else fuckin' sucks?	呃 你知道還有什麼也他媽的糟透了嗎
Concentration camps, famine, firing squads...	集中營 饑荒 死刑射擊隊
I didn't see any here. Have you?	在這裡我可沒發現 你呢
No.	沒有發現
Your attendance is required in the banquet room	我們偉大的領導邀請您
of the Eternal Leader.	到宴會廳
- Hey, how you doing? -Yeah, seriously.	- 嘿 你怎麼樣啊 -不錯 真的
You are looking fantastic.	你看起來棒極了
Your unhealthy obsession with my well-being	你對我是否安康的異常關心
is only making me more suspicious of you two.	只會讓我對你們倆更加懷疑
- You don't have to be suspicious. - Oh, no, no.	- 你不必懷疑 -哦 不 不 不
I just want to know what your routine is, man.	我只是想知道你的習慣 老兄
You look fantastic. Do you take vitamins or...?	你狀態看起來真的不錯 你是吃維他命還是
- You're doin' somethin' right. -Yeah, you look good.	- 你一定是做了什麼 -是啊 你看起來非常不錯
Do not ask us any more question.	別再問我們任何問題了
Meet us in the banquet hall.	我們在宴會廳見吧
You see how big their guitars are compared to their bodies?	你看看 和他們的身體比起來 吉他有多大啊
I think it's funny.	我覺得這很有趣
That is funny.	確實很有趣
Oh, no.	哦 不
It's happening.	起作用了
Dave.	戴夫
Dave.	戴夫
No.	不是
- Wait, what? -Look at the fu...	- 等等 怎麼了 -你看那個
They're good.	他們沒事
Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.	哦 該死 哦 該死 哦 該死
Caw, caw.	嘎 嘎
- What do we do? -He's gonna poo.	- 我們怎麼辦 -他要大便了
- Oh, no. Oh, no. -	- 哦 不是 不是
Oh, shit. Oh, no. Oh, no.	哦 靠 哦 別 別
It's happening.	毒藥起作用了
So gross.	好噁心
Oh, no, no, no.	哦 不 不 不
- -Oh, no! Oh, no!	- 哦 不 不 不
- Oh, no. Oh, no. -	- 哦 不 哦 不-
It's okay, man.	沒事了 兄弟
No.	有事
Come on, man.	振作下啊 小伙子
We just killed two innocent men.	我們剛殺了兩個無辜的人
Look, Dave, first of all,	聽著 戴夫 首先呢
it's not your fault that those men died.	這些人死了不是你的錯
Second of all, they had to go.	然後 他們應該死
They knew we were up to something.	他們知道我們在策劃什麼事
- I'm out. -What?	- 我不幹了 -什麼
- You cannot pull out of this. -I'm pulling out.	- 你不能就這樣退出了 -我不幹了
- You're way too deep to pull out. -I'm pullin' out.	- 你已經不得不幹了 -我就不幹了
No, you are not. You are leaving it in.	不，你不能 你得繼續參與
I been pullin' out for years, son.	我已經要不幹好幾年了 小子
You are not fucking pulling out of this mission.	你他媽的不能退出這次任務
That's the only reason we're here.	這是我們來這裡的唯一目的
We are doing this!	我們來這裡就是做這個的
Kim is not evil.	金正恩不是壞人
He was just born into a hard situation.	他只是生在這樣一個苦命的環境裡
You are fucking stupid, and you are fucking ignorant, Dave.	你真他媽的蠢 並且還他媽的無知 戴夫
- Mm! -Ugh!	- 嗯 -呃
- Who you calling ign'ant? -You, motherfucker.	- 你說誰無知呢 -你 這個混帳東西
You're fuckin' arrogant.	你真他媽狂妄自大
Everything he's shown you is fake.	他給你看的所有東西都是假的
He's shown you what you want to see.	你讓你看你想看到的
He's fooled you, you fucking idiot!	他在愚弄你 你個蠢貨
God, look how ready you are to betray me.	天啊 看看你那要背叛我的樣子
This whole time I thought you were Samwise to my Frodo.	一直以來我都認為你會像山姆衛斯對待佛羅多一樣對待我
But you're just Boromir.	沒想到你就是個波羅莫(被魔戒誘惑)
I don't know who the fuck that is.	我才不知道那是什麼鬼東西呢
"I don't know who Boromir is."	我不知道波羅莫是誰
That's such a Boromir thing to say.	這就是波羅莫那樣的人說的話
This is fuckin' done.	這件事他媽就快完了
You are fuckin' done after this.	做完這件事你他媽的就完事了
Once you kill this motherfucker, this shit's over.	只要你殺那個混蛋東西 這件爛事就完了
But you are going to kill him!	但是你得去殺了他
You've just turned me into a gun, and you're pointing me	你把我變成了一把槍 現在你又要把我這把槍指向
at the one guy who actually gets me.	那個打動我的心的人
Well, you know what, cowboy?	好吧 你知道嗎 牛仔
A gun can't fire without no bullets.	一把沒有子彈的槍是開不了槍的
What the fuck are you doing?!	你他媽要干什麼
- No, no, no, no, no, no! -Yes, yes! Yes, yes!	- 不 不 不 不 不 不 不 -就要 就要 就要就要
Do you realize what you just did?	你知道你剛才做了什麼嗎
I just saved a life, you murderer.	我救了一個人的命 你個殺人犯
- You piece of fu... -Mr. Skylark.	- 你個 -史開勒先生
The Supreme Leader requests your presence	最高領導人要求你出席
at a restaurant in Pyongyang for dinner.	平壤一家餐廳的晚餐
He will be at your door in 30 minutes.	他會在30分鐘內過來接你
Hey, Dave.	嘿 戴夫
Thank you for being with me in my time of sorrow.	我悲傷的時候很感謝你能和我在一起在
That was super-gross and fucked-up.	那真是非常噁心且一團糟
Hi.	你好
Uh, Mr. Supreme Leader.	額 最高領導人先生
I'm Aaron.	我是艾倫
- Aaron? -Hello.	- 艾倫 -你好
Uh, we never got a chance to formally meet, Mr. Great Leader.	呃 我們還沒有機會正式見面 偉大的領導人先生
I just wanted to shake your hand.	我只是想和你握個手
Well, any friend of Dave is a friend of mine.	好吧 戴夫的朋友就是我的朋友
Uh-huh.	噁哼
No!	不
- Don't shake that hand. -Why not?	- 不要和他握手 -為什麼不
Yeah, why not?!	對 為什麼
Because Aaron's a Jew.	因為艾倫是猶太人
- Oh, gross. -Let's go, Supreme Leader.	- 哦 噁心 -我們走吧 最高領導人
Okay. It was nice meeting you.	好的 很高興見到你
Don't you know Jews are bad luck?	你不知道猶太人會帶賽嗎
Fuck you, fuck you!	幹你媽的 幹你媽的
Friends don't kill friends' friends.	是朋友就不要殺朋友的朋友
Okay. Okay.	好吧 好吧
Oh, fuck.	哦 幹
Mr. Rapoport, we need to review some new data	雷特波先生 我們需要回顧一些在明天的採訪中
the Leader wants included in tomorrow's interview.	領導人希望包括在內的新的數據
Now's not really the best time.	現在真不是時候
It will only take a moment.	這只要耽擱一點時間
Yeah, okay.	哦 好吧
- Great. -Thank you.	- 很好 -謝謝你
Would you like to share a drink?	喝一杯怎麼樣
Raise your glasses.	舉起你們的杯子
Koh and Yu!	谷和於
Koh and Yu possessed the finest trait men can have	許和於擁有一個人能擁有的最好的特質
Loyalty.	忠誠
I know how you feel. My dog Digby died	我知道你的感受 在我還小的時候
when I was a kid, and I'm still fucked up about it.	我的狗死了 到現在想起這事我還是感覺難受
Loyalty is what made my father	是忠誠讓我父親
and grandfather so successful.	和爺爺變得這麼成功
That's right. Listen up. Hey, listen up. You.	這是對的 聽好了 嘿 你 聽好了
Without loyalty,	沒有忠誠
a country is a lawless jungle.	一個國家就是沒法紀的叢林
Welcome to the jungle, baby. Welcome to the jungle.	歡迎來到叢林 親愛的 歡迎來到叢林
On your sh-n-n-n-n-n-n knees.	用你們的小短腿
How else can I prevail against so many enemies?	如何才能打敗這麼多的敵人
Defectors.	背叛者
South Korean capitalists.	南韓資本家
The people in this room...	在這個房間裡
who don't think I can fill my father's shoes!	認為我不能很好的接替我的父親的人
These bastards deserve no humanity!	這些雜種就不應該用人道對待
To those who seek to undermine me,	對於這些在國內國外
at home and abroad,	想搞垮我的人
I cannot respond with anything less	我將用我的全部實力
than the totality of my strength!	來回應他們
If a billion people across the Earth and in my own country	如果在這個地球上和我的國家中有上億的人
must be burned to prove it	必須被燒成灰燼來證明這一點
then my worthiness as a Kim	那麼我作為金姓一族的價值
will be demonstrated!	將會用此展現
Um...	呃
Hey, Kim, I gotta go outside.	嘿 金 我需要出去一下
Is that okay? I'm just feelin'...	可以嗎 我只是感覺喝了
Too much, uh, s-s-soju, whatever.	太多 呃 燒酒 什麼的
Okay.	好的
I'll be back.	我過會兒回來
So how'd you wind up as one of the heads	那麼你是怎麼樣成為政府
of a, uh, dictatorship?	的領導人之一的
Ah.	啊
One day, party officials came to my classroom	有一天 黨的官員來到我們班上
in search of a young woman	找一個年輕的女孩
to serve on the Kim family personal staff.	去作金家的私人侍從
They selected me.	他們選擇了我
Over the years,	過了幾年
I grew close with Kim Jong-un.	我在金正恩身邊長大
When he rose to power, he took me with him.	當他當權的時候 他帶上了我
And here I am.	成就了現在的我
Kinda have a guy like that in my life, too.	在我的生活中也有個那樣的人
You've been with Dave a long time.	你跟著戴夫很久了吧
He's a hard guy to leave.	他很難讓人離開
You just like the money and can't say no to Dave.	你就向錢一樣 無法對戴夫說不
No...	沒有
Yes! I know you.	是的 我知道的
You're fuckin' awesome.	你真他媽的了不起
- No, I don't understand you. -And it's a little bit weird.	- 不 我不懂你在說什麼 -有點奇怪
I mean, do you have a boyfriend in this country?	我的意思是 你在這個國家有男朋友嗎
Is that too forward of me to ask?	還是說我問的太直接了呢
What are you lookin' at?	妳在看什麼
- I should leave. -Why?	- 我得走了 -為什麼
I'm concerned my feelings of attraction for you	我擔心我對你產生的感情
will cause me to make mistakes.	會讓我犯錯
Your feelings of attraction for me?	你對我產生了感情
Fuck this!	管他的
Ever since I saw you on that mountaintop,	從我在那個山頂上看到你的時候起
this is all I've been thinking about.	這就一直想這樣
Me, too.	我也是
Fake.	假的
Fake carrots.	假羅波
Fake fruit!	假水果！
Fake!	假的！
Fake!	假的！
Fake grapefruits!	假柚子！
Fake!	假的！
Liar!	騙子！
You liar!	你這騙子！
Why aren't I naked yet?	你怎麼還不把我脫光？
Uh...	呃…
- Aah! -Yeah.	- 啊 - 爽！
You're hairy, you're so hairy like a bear!	好多毛 毛多得活像頭熊！
You're fucking sexy, yeah.	你真他媽性感啊
Your nipples are so pink!	你奶頭居然這麼粉
Yes, they are.	是啊 的確
I love it!	愛死了
Okay, no, whoa, no!	好吧 我擦 別
- No hands. -No hands?	- 不能用手 - 不用手
I'm not into handsy shit.	我不喜歡用手
That's how I like it.	我都這樣的
Well...	那…
Just take it off.	脫掉它
Okay.	好吧
You said no hands!	你說過不用手的
You fucking hit me with your hand!	那你他媽還用手巴我
How do I get it off?	你叫老子怎麼脫
Use your big, fat American teeth.	用你的美國大肥牙咬開啊
Okay, I will!	好的 我試試
This is awesome.	真贊啊
Oh, this is hard.	擦 好難弄啊
Shit...	媽的
Oh, shit, what's wrong?	哦 天啊 怎了
The numbers I gave you on potato output...	我給你的那組馬鈴薯的數字
are exaggerated.	都是被誇大的
That's okay with me. I don't really care about that.	沒關係 我根本不在乎的
If you want, you can give me	你願意的話 你可以給我
the real numbers, and we can get back	那組真實數字 然後我們回到
- to what we were doing. -No, it's not just the numbers.	- 剛才進行到的地方 - 不，不只是數字的事
I am a terrible person.	我是個糟糕的人
No, you're not. You're the best person.	不會啊 你是最好的女人
You were about to have sex with me.	你不是要跟我做愛麼
That's like the best thing someone could do.	這就是大家可以做到的最好的事啊
I'm the propagandist of a totalitarian dictatorship.	我是個專制獨裁政權的宣傳者
That's an area you could improve,	妳在這方面可以改善
but, you know, you don't have to dwell on it or anything.	但 這些事你不必要去想太多 懂麼
He's as cruel as his father and grandfather before him.	他跟他爹還有他爺一樣殘酷無情
You knew this this whole time.	這些東西你從來都知道啊
Why is this just bothering you now?	怎麼現在讓你這麼糾結
It's been bothering me for a long time,	我為這個糾結很久了
and I'm not the only one,	我也不是唯一一個這麼糾結的人
but too many people see him as a god.	可太多人把他奉若神明
How do you prove to 24 million people	你怎麼向那兩千四百萬人證明
that their god is a murderer and a liar?	他們的神明是個殺人放火的騙子
Aaron, I need to talk.	艾倫 我得跟你談談
Fuck, it's Dave... shit.	我靠 是戴夫 媽的
You, you hide in there, I'll be back.	你 你躲在這 我一會就會回來
- I'll go deal with him. -Okay, go, go, go...	- 我會應付他 -好的 快去 快去
Oh, shit.	哦 該死
- Aaron, are you here? -Yeah, one sec, uh, one sec.	- 艾倫 你在麼 -在 稍等一會 稍等一下
- One sec... don't come in, don't come in! -I need to talk.	- 馬上 別進來 千萬別進來 -我需要和你談談
Hey, how's it going, dude?	嘿 進展如何了
- Not good. -Uh, maybe now's	- 不太好 -嗯 也許現在
not a good time, maybe we should take a walk.	不是一個好時機 也許我們應該出去走走
No, no, no, no, I can't walk this off.	不 不 不 我現在不想走走
I cannot walk this off.	我現在不想走走
I need to...	我需要
I'm so fucking pissed.	我他媽的要氣炸了
I just want to hit something!	我只是需要找個東西出出氣
No, no!	哦 不 不
No, don't punch anything!	別 不要打任何東西
Breathe.	放鬆
Just breathe, maybe pace it out.	放鬆 吸氣 吐氣 也許就能好點
Fuck, man.	媽的 幹
Kim.	金正恩
- Wha-What about him? -He's going crazy.	- 那 那金正恩怎麼了 -他要瘋了
He said he's going to blow up the world	他說他要炸掉整個世界
just to show that he's the shit.	僅僅是為了炫耀他是個混蛋
And at first, I thought,	剛開始 我覺得
"All right, maybe he's just talking, you know,	"也許他也就是說說而已 你懂的
maybe he doesn't mean it."	也許他不是認真的"
Then I saw this fake fucking grapefruit.	可是後來我看到了個假的葡萄柚
What?	什麼
All the food in that grocery store is fake!	所有在水果店的水果都是假的
He fucking lied to me.	他他娘的把我耍了
Maybe that, maybe that fat kid isn't fat.	也許 也許那個胖小孩並不是真胖
I mean, oh, what about the concentration camps?	我是說 噢 那集中營呢
And the famine... maybe that's real.	還有饑荒 萬一那是真的
God!	天吶
It is... I've been telling you that for weeks now.	就是真的 三周來我一直在不停地告訴你
He fucking honeydicked me.	他耍了我
He honeydicked the shit out of me.	他他媽的把我耍得像猴似的
- Sucks. -You still got that poison?	- 該死 -你還有那個毒藥嗎
- You can't speak? -What the fuck?	- 你說不出話來了嗎 -你他娘的要干啥
I want to know if you have the fucking poison	我想知道你是否還有那個該死的毒藥
- so we can kill that motherfucker. -What?!	- 然後我們可以殺了那個狗娘養的 -你說什麼
Whoa, ho, spy! What the hell?!	噢 間諜 三小情況
- She's on our side! -What's going on here?!	- 她是我們這邊的 -這他媽的是搞毛啊
- You can trust me, I'm okay. -You can trust her, man!	- 相信我 我不是間諜 -你可以相信她
Trust her?! Are you joking?! We got to kill her.	相信她 你腦殘嗎 我們得殺了她
- Oh, my God, what are you doing? -Dude, I was in bed with her!	- 哦 天啊 你要幹嘛 -嘿 我和她上床了
- What?! -We're hooking up.	- 什麼 -我們對上眼了
- That's why she's here. -What?!	- 所以她才會在這 -什麼
Let him go; everything is fine.	放開他 沒事的
Now we got to kill the girl that you like.	那現在我們得殺了你喜歡的這個女孩
This is the worst moment ever!	這簡直是糟糕透頂
We're not killing her!	我們不能殺了她
- She's loyal to Kim. -No!	- 她是效忠於金正恩的 -不要
Dude, she was just telling me she's with us.	喂 她剛剛告訴我她要和我們一邊
I hate Kim.	我恨透金正恩了
He is a terrible leader.	他是個糟糕透頂的領導人
- See? -Okay.	- 你看 -好
She can help us kill him.	她能幫我們殺了金正恩
What? No, no, no killing.	什麼 不 不 不是殺了他
Kim must die.	金正恩必須得死
That's the American way.	那是美國的作風
How many times can the U.S. Make the same mistake?	你們美國到底想重復幾次這樣的錯誤
As many times as it takes.	多少次都願意
Killing Kim won't change anything.	殺了金正恩改變不了任何事
You said it yourself.	那是你說的
We got to do something, right?	我們得做點什麼 對吧
He will be replaced.	他的位置會被接替
He has brothers, he has other generals.	他還有哥哥 他還有其他的將軍們
The people need	人們需要
to be shown that he is not a god,	知道他不是神
that he is a man.	他僅僅是一個普通的人
Then they will be ready for change.	然後人們才能準備好迎接改變
Yeah, how?	是啊 怎麼做
Interviewing him.	採訪他
Everyone in North Korea will be watching.	北韓的每一個人都會看到現場直播
No... the interview's scripted.	哦 不 採訪都是預先準備好問題的
His people are never going to let me ask real questions.	他的人絕對不會允許我問真正的問題
Dave, I am his people.	戴夫 我是他的人之一啊
She controls the broadcast.	她掌管全北韓的廣播電視臺
I can't do political interviews.	我做不了政治採訪節目
I do entertainment interviews.	我做的是娛樂採訪節目啊
Dude, you can fucking do this.	哥們 你這次絕對他媽的能做好
- Yeah? -Yeah, you don't interview with your brain.	- 真的 -真的 你不需要動腦子去採訪
You interview with your heart.	你用你的心去採訪
- True. -Your emotion, Dave.	- 真的麼 -用你的情感 戴夫
You get Kim Jong-un to fucking cry like a baby	你要讓金正恩在全體北韓人民面前
in front of all of North Korea?	哭的像一個小屁孩
They'll know he's not a god.	他們就會知道金正恩不是神
- I think I can do this. -You can do it.	- 我想我能做到 -你可以的
I'm Dave Skylark and I can interview anyone.	我是戴夫•史開勒 我能採訪任何人
Yeah, you can.	是的 你可以
Let's take this motherfucker down!	我們來搞死這個王八蛋吧
Oh, God, oh, God! Oh, ah!	哦 上帝
You got a lot of pent-up energy! -	妳被壓抑太久的能量一次爆發啦
Oh, God!	哦天啊
Okay, everything's ready.	好了，一切都準備好了
Uh, you ready to rock?	噁 你準備做一場精彩的表演了麼
Y-You memorize all those facts?	你 你記住所有的事實了嗎
I'm ready, baby.	我準備好了 寶貝
Great.	太棒了
How many people in concentration camps?	集中營裡有多少人
200,000.	20萬
How many people malnourished?	多少人是營養不良
16 million.	1600萬
They spent $800 million on nukes last year	去年他們在核武器上花了8億美元
and got $200 million in food aid from the UN.	而且從聯合國獲得了2億美元的食品援助
And I got more where that came from, baby.	我還會知道更多的消息 寶貝
Really good... you're going to nail this shit.	真是太好了 你要揭發這個人渣
- I just wish we had a fucking escape plan. -Why don't we go	- 我只是希望我們有一個他媽可靠的逃跑計劃 -為什麼我們不去日本
- to Japan? -Well, 'cause it's across the Sea of Japan.	-呃 因為中間隔著日本海
- Why don't we swim? -Can't swim that.	- 為什麼我們不游泳去 -游不過去
- Oh, I'm a good swimmer. -It's really, really far.	- 哦 我游泳很厲害的 -真的真的很遠
- People have done it. -Nope.	- 有人游過 -沒有
- Yep, Michael Phelps did it. -That's not true.	- 是的 菲爾普斯做到了 -放屁
- -Okay. -Okay.	- 好吧 -好的
Skylark, two-minute warning.	史開勒先生 還有兩分鐘
Just keep me on the air as long as you can.	只要盡你所能讓我直播久點
I will, man.	我會的 兄弟
Maybe we won't get out of here.	也許我們會逃不出去這裡
No, we might die.	是的 我們可能會死
I've had a great life.	我擁有一個精彩的人生
I had the best best friend.	我擁有最好最好的朋友
Fucked more women than Ellen DeGeneres.	幹的女人比艾倫•狄珍妮還多
And now it's time	而現在是時候
for the North Korean people to get their dicks wet.	該讓北韓人民也濕了馬眼了
This is a perfect ending for the tell-all.	這是全盤揭秘的完美結局
As the two best friends stared each other in the eyes,	當兩個最好的朋友友互相盯著對方的眼睛
they knew that this might be	他們知道這可能是
the end of the long road,	長路的盡頭
but they also knew	但是他們也知道
how much they meant to each other, and even though	他們對對方意味著什麼 而且即使
neither one could say it out loud,	沒有人大聲說出來
they were both thinking...	他們都是這樣想
I love you.	我愛你
Okay, man, you got this.	好的，兄弟 有我呢
Okay.	好的
Showtime.	表演時間
Dave.	戴夫
Kim.	金先生
Are you ready to share with the world	你準備好向世界分享
that gorgeous smile of yours?	你燦爛的笑容了嗎
Tonight, I think it's your smile they want to see.	今晚 我想他們想要看的是你的笑容
I have something for you.	我有東西給你
What?!	什麼
What's this?	這是什麼
Open.	打開吧
Aw... aw!	哇
For me?	給我的
For you.	給你的
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh...!	噢噢噢噢
Oh, he's just like Digby.	噢 他就像迪格比
Just like Digby.	就像迪格比
I think I'm gonna die.	我想我要幸福死了
- Oh, my God... -Don't die, please.	- 噢 我的天 -拜託 不要死啊
Not till after the interview.	至少要到訪談結束再死啊
This dog is killing me with cuteness.	這只狗可愛死了
- He's crazy cute. -Can I keep it?	- 他是超級可愛 -我能擁有它嗎
Take him home, forever and ever.	帶他回家吧 永遠永遠
Why?	為什麼
I live a lonely life, Dave...	我過著孤獨的生活 戴夫
and it warms my heart to know	而有件事溫暖著我的心
that there is someone in this world	就是知道世上有人
with whom I can truly be myself.	能讓我做真正的自己
Whatever they say about you...	無論別人怎麼說你
they're wrong.	他們都錯了
I'm just me and I do my best.	我就是我而且做最好的自己
You're my brother.	你是我的兄弟
You're my brother.	你是我的兄弟
Let's get this out of the way, okay?	我們先不管這些 好嗎
- Okay. -Okay.	- 好的 -好的
And what are we gonna name you, huh?	我們該怎麼稱呼你呢 啊
You need a name? Yes, you do.	你需要一個名字 是的 你需要
Look, look. He looks just like Digby.	看 看 他看起來像迪格比
You gotta be fucking kidding me.	你一定在跟我開玩笑的吧
We see you in a minute. Bye-bye.	我很快會再見你 拜拜
- Okay... -Okay.	- 好的 -好的
- Shall we begin? -Are you ready?	- 我們開始吧 -你準備好了嗎
Shut the fuck up.	他媽的閉嘴
Guys, it's starting! It's starting.	大家 要開始了 要開始了
And we're on in five...	我們倒數五秒
four, three...	四 三
Good evening.	晚上好
And good morning to our viewers around the world.	全世界的觀眾朋友們 早上好
I'm Dave Skylark.	我是戴夫史開勒
Thank you for joining me for this historic moment in history.	謝謝你們和我一起見證這個歷史性的時刻
I'm with President Kim Jong-un	在我旁邊的是北韓民主主義人民共和國的
of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.	金正恩主席
We are broadcasting	我們正在平壤外的
from a station outside of Pyongyang	一個發射臺為你報道
for this very special edition of:	這個特別版本的
"Skylark Tonight."	今晚史開勒
Thank you for joining me,	感謝你的參加
President Kim Jong-un.	金正恩主席
It is my pleasure, Dave.	我很榮幸 戴夫
You know, there is so much misunderstanding	你知道 外界對北韓
about North Korea	有那麼多的誤解
and, uh, me personally.	並且 呃 從我個人來說
- Mm-hmm. -And I can't think of a man	- 嗯呢 -我覺得想不出還有誰
with greater intelligence than you.	能比你更有才華了
I am grateful	我對這次機會
for this opportunity for my government	為我的政府 也為國際社會
and for the international community	創建一個更好的關係
to forge a better relationship.	表示深深的感謝
So you want to set the record straight.	所以您想糾正誤解
Indeed, Dave.	正有此意 戴夫
Camera three.	三號攝像機
Tensions between your nation	貴國和南韓之間的兩國關係
and South Korea are at an all-time high.	局勢一直很緊張
It's fair to say that you're on the brink of armed conflict.	甚至用 處在戰爭邊緣 來形容也不為過
So, what I want to know is:	所以 我想知道的是
In these times of great stress,	在這段高壓時期
do you do karaoke?	您還唱卡拉OK麼
Yes, I do, Dave.	我唱 戴夫
I believe that it is important for those in power	我堅信對於掌權高層來說
to remain in touch with the beauty in life.	與生活中的美好保持接觸是很重要的
I believe that it is important for those in power	我堅信對於掌權高層來說
to remain in touch with the beauty in life.	與生活中的美好保持接觸是很重要的
You are also a very accomplished painter, aren't you?	您也是一位非常有才華的畫家 是嗎
Well, how can I not be?	我無法抵抗藝術的魅力
He's reading the scripted questions.	他正在念稿子上的問題
He lulls them and then he gets them.	他先哄著他 然再牽著他鼻子走
It's his technique.	這是他的絕活
The beauty guides you.	生活中的美好引領著您
It guides my hand.	它引領著我
This is fuckin' bullshit.	真他媽胡扯
Let's take it to a serious tip.	我們談一個嚴肅的話題
Supreme Leader Kim, when...	偉大的金領袖
the United States,	當美國
which has an enormous stockpile of nuclear weapons,	這種擁有大規模核武器的國家
insists that countries like yours have none,	堅持認為像您們這樣的國家並未持有核武器時
does that feel hypocritical to you?	這種論調您覺得虛偽嗎
Many Americans do not realize	許多美國人並沒意識到
that the war in North Korea	在北韓發生的戰爭
was entirely the fault of the United States.	完全是美國政府的錯誤
Damn! Kim's callin' us out!	媽的 金正恩挑釁我們
- You really are still hopeful? -No, no, I'm not	- 你現在還抱希望嗎 - 不了
hopeful at all. He's totally bailed on the plan.	我一點也不抱希望了 他徹底放棄我們的計劃了
America, what you done to these Koreans?	美國佬 你對這些北韓人做了什麼
This is a little embarrassing.	有點小尷尬
So when you think of all that your country has been through...	所以當你想到你的國家經歷的
the wars, the floods	戰爭 洪水所有這些災難時
do you think that your people should be rewarded	你覺得你的人民應該為他們的堅韌和力量
for their resilience and strength?	而受到政府的褒揚嗎
Of course, Dave.	當然 戴夫
Then why don't you feed them?	那你為什麼不給他們食物
- -Hmm.. -Mm...	- 恩 - 唔
I...	額 我
Camera two.	二號攝像機
I... beg your pardon?	你能再說一遍麼
Why don't you feed your people?	你為什麼不讓你的人民衣食無缺
They are hungry.	他們正飽受饑餓
Specifically, two-thirds of them?	確切來說 他們中的三分之二都在挨餓
Isn't that a little embarrassing, since you're	既然你是他們支柱 或是說 你是他們的神
the one they view as a provider and a god?	您有沒有一點小難堪呢
And you spend $800 million on nukes every year?	你每年花8億美元用作核武器的資金
And you have 16 million people	你有一千六百萬的民眾
who are starving?	在挨餓
Are you sure you don't, uh...	你確定你不要
mean to ask me about potato yields?	問問我馬鈴薯田之類的是事
No, I want to know	不 我想知道
about that other thing I just asked.	我剛才問的事情
Okay, uh, well, uh...	好的 嗯 呃
Dave, as you have seen for yourself	戴夫 正如你親自看到的
we have a great bounty of food in North Korea.	我們有很多的糧食
What I saw for myself	我親眼看到的是
was a fake grocery store	一個假的胖小孩
with a fake fat kid planted right in front of it.	站在一個假的食品雜貨店門前
Okay, uh, this is, uh...	好吧 額 嗯
an offensive line of questioning.	這些問題太失禮了
I don't think it's offensive. I think it's super important.	我不覺得這無禮 我覺得這很重要
Obviously, if you don't want to answer these questions,	如果你不想回答這些問題
you can just get up and walk away.	你可以直接站起來然後走出去
I can't keep you from retreating.	我又不能把你拉回來
- He's gonna go for the button. -He's not. He's sitting there.	- 他要按那個按鈕了 -他沒有 他在那坐著呢
- He's not moving. -He's going for the button.	- 他沒動 -他就要按了
He's going for the button, he's going for the button...	他要按了 他要按了
He's not. Oh, shit. He's making a move!	他沒有 幹 靠杯 他要按了
Don't move, homie!	別動 蠢貨
Get your hand away from there! Get over there!	把你的手遠離操作臺 抬手
Over there!	滾開點
Get over there!	滾 開 點
I will cap you!	我會盯死你的
I'm exploding with energy.	我抑制不住情緒了
I can't believe this is happening.	我不敢相信真的發生了
I feel so alive right now. This is so real.	我現在感覺如此的有活力 這太真實了
He's got him. Nice!	他搞到他了 幹得好
- Dave! Dave... -I know you, Kim.	- 戴夫 戴夫 -我了解你 金正恩
Dave...	戴夫
perhaps the question you should ask is:	也許你應該問的問題是
How have I managed to keep my country so well-nourished	在美國對北韓施加
despite the harsh and unjust economic sanctions	如此嚴酷的和不公平的經濟制裁
imposed on North Korea by the United States?	我是怎麼樣讓我的國家保持營養良好的
Sanctions? Uh...	制裁 嗯
Don't you know that the United States	你不知道美國
has more incarcerated people per capita than North Korea?	比北韓有更多的人進監獄嗎
- No. But... -So, perhaps, now,	- 是啊 但是 -所以 也許現在
you would like to return	你也許會希望回到
to the civil discussion we had originally agreed upon.	我們事先達成的討論討論議題上來
- Uh...	- 額
-No! -	不
Oh, shit! Go to camera one!	哦 幹 轉到一號攝影機
Camera three! Camera three!	三號攝影機 三號攝影機
Do not move, homie!	別動 低能
Give me something! Give me fucking something!	給我來點什麼 快他媽給我來點止血的
Okay...	好
Why?!	幹嗎啊
Fuck! Shit, that hurts!	幹 靠腰啊 痛死了
We don't have concentration camps, Dave.	我們沒有集中營 戴夫
Have you seen one person mistreated	你到這以後
since your arrival here?	可曾見過一個人受到虐待嗎
Oh, shit! Someone's coming.	見鬼 有人要來了
Someone's coming.	有人要來了
Oh, fuck! Fuck!	草 草
Dave, unless you can show me a person, a photo	戴夫 除非你能讓我看到某個人
of widespread hunger...	或是一張餓殍遍野的照片
Aaron!	艾倫
Do not fuck with my angles!	別亂搞攝影機的角度
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!	喔幹! 喔幹!
You're fucking up the angles!	你他媽亂搞攝影機的角度
Sit still!	給老子坐好
Go wide, camera two!	拉遠視野 二號攝影機
Slow push!	慢慢推進
Thank you!	謝謝
Face it, Dave, you have failed.	面對現實吧 戴夫 你失敗了
You've made wild allegations but you have proven nothing.	你胡亂的指控可你什麼都證明不了
You made this long journey	你經歷了如此長的旅途
just to show the world that they were right about you.	只是告訴世界他們對的
You are incapable of conducting a real interview.	你根本就做不了真正的採訪
You're a joke!	你就是個笑話
Maybe you're right.	也許你是對的
Yeah, it sucks.	是的 採訪糟透了
Because I need people's approval.	因為我極度需要
Desperately.	民眾的認可
Because I could never get it	因為當我還小時
from my father when I was a kid.	就得不到父親的認可
But I see a lot of the same thing in you, Kim.	但是我在你身上看到了許多一樣的事情 金正恩
Your father...	你的父親
deprived you of life's simplest pleasures.	剝奪了你生活中再簡單不過的快樂
He told you that margaritas are gay.	他告訴你同性戀才喝瑪格麗特
I have no comment on margaritas.	我對於瑪格麗特沒有特別想法
Then why don't you drink them?	那你為什麼不喝呢
I... don't like brain freeze.	我 不喜歡大腦不清醒
Fuck you, Dave.	去你的 戴夫
You fucking asshole.	你個混蛋
I just have one more question for you.	我還有一個問題要問你
Do you ever feel like a plastic bag? Drifting	你可曾感到 自己如同空中的塑膠袋
through the wind? Wanting to start again? -What is that?	隨風飄蕩 想要重新開始 -你說什麼
- I don't know what that is. -Oh, yes, you do.	- 我不知道你說什麼 -哦 你知道的
No, I don't. I never heard that before in my life.	不 我不知道 我這輩子都沒聽過
Do you ever feel? Feel so paper thin?	你又可曾感到 自己單薄得如紙般脆弱
Just like a house of cards?	如同紙牌搭成的房子
One blow from caving in?	只要輕輕一吹就會崩塌
I don't know	我不知道
what you're singing.	你唱的是什麼
You know exactly what it is.	你一定知道我唱的什麼
- No, I don't. -You don't need to lie anymore.	- 不 我不知道 -沒必要再撒謊了
Katy Perry's your favorite!	凱蒂佩芮是你的最愛
Katy who?	凱蒂什麼
I don't know who you're talking about.	我不知道你在說些什麼
You just got to ignite The light? And let It shine?	- 你要燃點光芒 閃耀全場
Not the chorus, please.	-別唱副歌了 求你了
You just got to ignite And own The night -Stop! Like it's the Fourth of July?	-你要擁有屬於你的夜晚 -別唱了  -像七月四日那樣耀眼
Cause,Kimmy, you're a firework!Stop!	金 別忘了你就是一支煙火 -別唱了
Go and show 'em what you're worth	來吧 讓他們瞧瞧你的價值
And make 'em go Oh, oh, oh	來吧 現在就點燃自己 噢噢噢
As you sail across the sky-y-y	當你在天空巡游時 人們會為你歡呼
Kimmy, you're a firework! No!	金 你就是那創造美麗的煙火 -夠了
I don't need my father!	我不需要我父親
I am strong!	我很強大
Excuse me.	不好意思
Did you just shart?	你剛剛挫屎了麼
No, I didn't.	不 我沒有
It was that camera guy.	是那個攝影師
It wasn't me.	不是我
Ladies and gentlemen,	女士們 先生們
Kim Jong-un has just pooed	偉大的金主席剛剛在他的褲子裡
in his pants.	拉屎了
Let's get the fuck out of here.	咱們走吧
Yeah, let's go.	好 咱們走吧
Damn, girl.	幹 神女
You a bad-ass.	妳真是個壞蛋
I thought you were my friend, Dave.	我以為得你是我的朋友 戴夫
I thought you were my friend, Kim.	我也以為你是我的朋友 金
I thought everyone lied about you.	關於你 我覺得每個人都撒謊了
And then I saw that fake grapefruit	後來我在那個假的食品雜貨店
in that fake grocery store,	看到假的柚子
and I realized that you were a fake friend.	我意識到你是一個假的的朋友
And then you said you were gonna blow everybody up	然後你說你會把所有人都炸死
just to show what a big guy you are?	僅僅為了證明你是個大人物
No friend would blow up another friend's country.	沒有哪個朋友會轟炸另一個朋友的國家
You're just a flawed man	你就是一個屁股很大
with a big old butthole.	有缺陷的人
And you pee and poo like the rest of us.	你和我們一樣會拉屎撒尿
Well, tell me this, Dave.	好吧 這樣說吧 戴夫
Will you be so cocky	當我在全世界面前殺了你時
when I slay you in front of the whole world,	你還會這麼狂妄嗎
you Yankee motherfucker?	你個他媽的美國佬
If you shoot me,	如果你槍殺我
you'll just be proving me right.	你將證明我是對的
You're just a sad little man.	你只是個悲傷的小可憐蟲
Dave! Dave! No!	戴夫 戴夫 哦不
This is Dave Skylark	我是戴夫•史開勒
signing off.	直播結束
Good-bye, Dave.	永別了 戴夫
Oh, man.	天哪
Bulletproof vest.	防彈背心
Genius!	天材啊!
He's alive, everybody!	他還活著啊!
Oh, fuck!	幹嚇屎惹
Got a bulletproof vest on!	他居然穿了防彈背心
I don't know how he got it, but he's got it on!	我不知道他怎麼拿到的 但是他就是穿上了
Thank you for watching my interview with Kim Jong-un.	謝謝觀看我對金正恩的採訪
This is Dave Skylark	我是 戴夫•史開勒
signing off.	直播結束
No!	不
- Aaron! -Let's get the fuck out of here.	- 艾倫 -我們他媽趕緊離開這個鬼地方
Wait!	等一下
The puppy.	狗狗
Hey, what happened to your hand?	等一下 你的手怎麼了
Someone bit my fucking fingers off.	某人咬斷了我的手指
That's just like Frodo!	就跟 佛羅多一樣!
- Oh, shit! -	幹 完了
Don't shoot! I have a puppy!	別開槍 我抱著一只小狗
Go!	快跑
- Oh, no! No!	哦 不 不
- What is that?! -Oh, oh, no!	- 那是啥玩意兒 -哦 哦
- Oh, shit!	我靠
Oh, God!	哦 天啊
Oh, no!	哦 不
Oh, shit! Oh, shit! There's more!	靠 媽的 那裡有更多敵人
You're a hero!	你是一個英雄啊
Thank you, sir!	謝謝你 同志
That's the only way out.	那是出去唯一的路啊
Hey...	嗨
I have an idea.	我有個主意
Follow me.	跟我來
- Is this Katy fucking Perry?!	這他媽是凱蒂佩芮的歌嗎
Just leave it on! It's helping me concentrate.	就讓它開著吧 能幫我集中注意力
Oh, shit, are those fucking nukes?	我操 那他媽是核彈嗎
Let me check!	讓我看看
Oh, we really fucked up!	操 我們死定了
He's arming his fucking nukes!	他媽的他要發射核彈
Aah! Fuck!	啊 靠杯
Skylark!	史開勒
Kim!	金正恩
Fuck you!	幹你娘!
I've been grazed!	我被子彈擦傷了
- How's the puppy? -Puppy is okay!	- 小狗怎樣了 -小狗沒事
You protect that puppy with your life.	你要用生命保護小狗
We got to do something!	我們要做點什麼
He's gonna fucking kill us!	他要殺了我們
We're in a tank!	我們在坦克裡
Shoot him back.	回擊 轟了他
It's loaded!	填裝完畢
Let's barbeque this motherfucker.	我們炸死那狗娘養的
On three.	倒數三秒
Balls to the wall, motherfuckers!	快點啊 混帳王八蛋
Boom, boom...	繃 繃
Boom!	繃!
Yes!	耶!
- Yes! Yes!	哦耶 哦耶
Yes!	哦耶
Okay. -SOOK: Okay.	好的 -好的
That way.	這條路
It's an old mining tunnel.	是個破舊的采礦坑
- Holy shit, where does that go? -West.	- 我去 這能帶我們去哪裡 -西邊
Away from Pyongyang.	遠離平壤
Keep moving until you reach the coast.	你們要一直走到海邊
I wish you both luck.	我祝你們倆好運
You sound like you're not coming with us.	怎麼聽起來好像你不跟我們一塊兒走
- Yeah, Sook....? -What-what are you doing?	- 對啊 素英 -你要干嘛
I have to go to Pyongyang.	我要回平壤
That's going right back into the snake pit.	你要直接回到那個瘋人院嗎
I can't leave North Korea.	我不能離開北韓
I just helped plunge it into chaos.	我剛剛把事情變的更加混亂
- Yeah, yeah. -So did we. I'm okay with leaving.	- 是啊 -我們剛才不也摻和了一腳嗎 但我很高興離開啊
I have to ensure that the power	我要確保政權
does not transfer to the wrong hands.	不會落到錯誤的人手上
I can't deny	我不否認
that we have a chemistry,	我們之間有感情
but I have to stay here for my people.	但我需要待在我的人民身邊
Okay.	好吧
I'm glad to meet you.	很高興遇見你
Okay.	嗯
Kiss her.	吻她
Kiss her, dude.	親她啊 兄弟
Yeah, get in there.	對 就是這樣
-Ooh...	哦
I'm happy to have met you, Aaron.	我很高興認識你 艾倫
You, too.	我也是
Bye, Sook.	再見 素英
Have fun with the war.	好好在戰爭快樂
- All right, it's clear. -Okay.	- 沒人 很安全 -好的
Okay, here you go.	好 我們走
- You got him? -All right... got him.	- 你抱住它了 -是的 抱住了
Yeah.	好
You out of that big, old, scary hole?	你從那個深邃的 破舊又可怕的洞穴裡出來了耶
Where are we?	我們在哪兒
I don't know.	不清楚
Is this China?	這是中國嗎
I don't know. Looks like North Korea.	不太清楚 看起來還在北韓
Yeah.	好吧
Man.	兄弟
- Well, which way's the coast? -I have no idea.	- 好吧 哪條路通往海岸 -完全沒頭緒
Does that do something?	那能有點什麼作用嗎
Dogs always run to the sea.	狗總向往海邊跑
- That's not true. -You got to find the sea.	- 這不是真的 -你得自己去找到海岸線
I don't think that's gonna happen, Dave.	我覺得這個不可能會成功的 戴夫
Shit.	該死的
- Shit! Shit! Shit! -Protect the puppy!	- 該死的 該死的 該死的 -保護好小狗
- Protect the puppy! -Stop! It's them.	- 保護好它 -停下 是他們
Echo Romeo Five.	羅密歐五號請回答
Echo Romeo Five, we have contact	羅密歐五號請回答 我們找到了
with Dung Beetle and Aardvark.	糞金龜和食蟻獸
Aaron, Dave, I'm Captain Sung,	艾倫 戴夫 我是宋隊長
- SEAL Team Six. -Holy shit.	- 海豹突擊六隊 -哇勒靠
How'd you guys find us?	你們怎麼找到我們的
We tracked you using the GPS	我們從你們的手錶
- on your wristwatch. -Oh, my God.	- 的GPS訊號追蹤你們 -噢 天哪
Let's get you boys home.	讓我們帶你們回家
Oh, my God.	天哪
For you.	給你的
Me?	給我的
Is it the president?	是總統嗎
Mr. Obama?	奧巴馬
Nope, just me, Agent Lacey.	不 是我 蕾絲特工
Agent Lacey.	蕾絲特工
Fancy hearing from you here.	在這兒聽到你的聲音感覺真好
I enjoyed your interview, guys.	我很喜歡你們的採訪
Now try not to fuck up your extraction.	現在試著不要把你的撤退計劃搞砸
Get home safe.	安全的回家吧
Guess who's going to America where they don't eat doggies?	猜猜誰會去美國 那個不會吃狗狗的地方
- And you get all the good stuff, -Okay, let's just go.	- 你會被照顧的很好 -好的 我們出發吧
- and it's nice. -Let's get out... Can we please go? Okay.	- 太好了 -我們走吧 我們能走了嗎 好的
Get them in.	讓他們進來
Take the dog.	帶上那隻狗
She honeypotted me	她色誘我
What? What are you talking about?	什麼 你在說什麼
Sook.	素英
Think about it, man.	好好想想吧 老兄
I mean, she researched me, she seduced me,	我的意思是 她研究過我 她勾引我
she commandeered my plans, made them her own.	她把我的計劃據為己有 變成她自己的
I mean, she used me.	我的意思是 她利用我
I'll admit it was for, like, a really good fucking cause,	我承認這個 是個他媽的好理由
but she honeypotted me.	但是她色誘我
Yeah.	是的
Well, good riddance.	好吧 離開她更好
I hated that fucking bitch.	我討厭那他媽的婊子
Really?	真的嗎
Nah, just thought it would make you feel better.	不 只是覺得這會讓你感覺好一點
That was your one true love.	那是你唯一的真愛
Now she's gone.	現在 她走了
Doesn't make me feel any better.	沒有讓我感覺到好點
Well, you have us,	但你有我們
and "We wuv you."	我們愛你
"We aw wuv each other."	我們互相愛著對方
"And as the North Korean coastline	隨著北韓海岸線
"Receded in the distance,	漸漸離我們遠去
"We heard the crackling of gunfire.	我們聽到噼裡啪啦的槍聲
"It was the beginning of a revolution...	這是一場革命的開始
"A revolution Aaron and I started.	一場艾倫和我共同挑起的革命
"Of course, in a tale like this.	當然 在這樣的故事裡
"You might expect to find	你也許會期待能發現
"Some hot CIA	一些火辣的...
"Honeypot...	誘人的
bombshell..."	中情局超級正妹
"...maybe a few drones	也許幾架無人機
or a secret CIA watch."	或者一支充滿機密的CIA手錶
You got Skype!	妳有Skype了!
So good to see your face.	很高興看到你
Wait, someone else wants to say hi.	等會兒 有人想打個招呼
ha ha	哈哈哈
Guess what we named him?	猜猜我們叫他什麼
Kim Jong-un.	金正恩
Aaron, that's a little fucked up, no?	艾倫 那名字有點爛 對吧
Oh, it's super fucked up, but he's cute, though.	是的 這名字非常糟糕 但是它很可愛
"But there was none of that.	但是什麼都沒有
"No.	什麼都沒有
"This was a revolution	這場革命
"Ignited with nothing more	只是因為那
"Than a camera	一台攝影機
"And some questions.	和一些問題引起的
"Questions that led a man	這些問題致使一個男人
"Once revered as a god	這個曾經被平民當做神一般的人
"Among mortals to cry	放聲大哭
"And shit his pants.	在褲子裡挫賽
The end."	故事結束